input~output
Sean,  Attached is our response to your request for a description of the steps Enron is taking to improve flows to the Griffith power plant.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim ~Kim
The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.  The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-  (i)  Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)    To be forwarded to Louise   These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.    The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.  (ii) Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)      To be forwarded to Faith Killen   First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized) (iii) Seating Plans        Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate  We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.  I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002. (iv) Due Diligence  We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.  I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.  Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.  If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.  Happy New Year  Louise~Louise
Tom:  Buffalo Gap would be just fine.  Bert ~Bert
Will we be acting as agent for Pasadena in January?  Should we turn this contract back?  Let me know what your thoughts are.  Mike~Mike
We are continuing work to ensure our new online trading system, UBSWenergy, is ready for launch on the week of Feb. 11, which is the week following the anticipated Enron/UBS Closing Date of Friday, Feb. 8.  To assist in this process, we are planning an online trading simulation for Thursday, February 7 from  0900 to 1100 (CST). It is planned to include all  traders, originators, mid/back-office staff and IT teams who would normally be involved with electronic trading.  Purpose of the simulation - The simulation will test our "live" trading environment (restricted to internal access only) and will:  Test the integrity and functionality of the system and related processes (including credit, risk, legal, operations, etc.) Provide an opportunity for traders to verify their products and product setup Demonstrate how the trading system and processes work to UBS staff visiting next week  Nature of the simulation - The simulation will include testing of all processes related to trading and mid/back-office functions:  Credit, Legal, Risk, Operations, and other groups: Profile tests for "external" customers (role-played by Originators) Profile tests for internal users (traders, back-office, etc.) Data and Process checking as completed transactions flow through Mid/back-Office systems  Traders and Originators: Traders will be managing their individual books and associated products. Although we may be restricted to certain financial products on launch day, both physical and financial will be available during the simulation. Each trader will be asked to manage their individual position and profitability goals for the simulation. Originators and others will be asked to play the roles of counterparties. Credit limits, etc. will be tested during the simulation.  Information Technology: Will assist in preparing data on the system for the simulation. After the simulation is over, will work with the relevant groups to test the trade-data in various systems and risk books Will ensure all simulation data is removed from the system after the simulation is complete.   Next steps   Traders and Originators will be contacted prior to simulation day to ensure they have appropriate access to the system. Originators will be assigned specific roles. You should expect to receive an email and/or handout on or before Wednesday, Feb. 6. UBSWenergy personnel will be meeting with back office personnel over the next several days to ensure everything is in place for the simulation.   Summary  This simulation is an important step towards re-launching our trading business. We appreciate the participation of everyone involved as we prepare for the public launch of UBS Warburg Energy and the UBSWenergy trading platform.  If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas regarding this simulation, please feel free to contact Bob Shults (30397) or myself (31861).    Regards, Dave Forster 713.853.1861 E-Mail: David.Forster@enron.com ~Dave Forster713.853.1861E-Mail:	David.Forster@enron.com
**For New UBS employees***  I am going to send all of our File Migration compliance forms in one batch, so give them to me when you have signed the Document Migration Certificate. I will be sending this the evening of the 8th.  If you don't know who I am or what this is about, ask Dave Steiner or any of the Admins.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland ~Cara Freeland
Chris,  I put a buy resale deal in Enpower under your book for 274 MW on peak today.  If for some reason it does not relate to you please inform us so we can research it a little bit further.  The deal number is 724362.  Thanks,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
To whom it may concern:  Tags numbered 33079 (5mw) and 33086 (20mw) were cut for a number of hours.    HE 08 and HE 09: Both tags were cut and nobody informed any of the counter parties that the tags were cut until about 25minutes into the last hour of the cuts.  I initially heard of the cuts from Larry @ MEANMN and immediately called each person in the path to inform them of the cut situation.  No action was taken for these two hours.  HE 13: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from APS to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $25.00.  HE 17: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from LADWP to cover the cut and had it delivered to Palo Verde @ a price of $44.00.  Will @ PNM agreed to having the power delivered @ a different location.  HE 18 and HE 19: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from SRP to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $45.00.  HE 20: Tag 33086 was cut to 0 (total of 20mw) steve merriss bought power from El Paso for $45.00.  Steve Merriss input the cut note into the lotus database.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Friends and Co-Workers:  You are hereby cordially invited to a pre-holiday office lunch this Thursday at approximately 11:30 a.m, courtesy of the Trading Attorneys.  LEGAL NOTICE:  Christian Yoder and Steve Hall (hereinafter "we" or "our" or "us" ) intend to pay for the food (which will probably, but not necessarily, be pizza and salad) with post-petition Chapter 11 salary dollars that have already cleared our respective individual bank accounts and, therefore, by joining us in the meal ("Lunch") you will not be exposed to any retroactive claw-back risk by way of the Cash Account Committee.  We are also investigating the possibility of providing a limited quantity of a certain kind of beverage ("Beer") under a provisional waiver of the defunct pre-petition Company's drinking policies, subject to approval by the Estate's Liquor Control Board which is being sought on an expedited basis.         We feel like making this modest holiday gesture for several reasons:   1.  It has been a pleasure working with you all during the past year. 2.  We are optimistic about this office's prospects in the upcoming year. 3.  American Express forgot to cancel our Corporate Cards.  We hope you will join us for a free lunch as we look forward to a prosperous New Year.  Christian and Steve       ~Christian and Steve      
Tom:  If it is not too much trouble, I would prefer to meet downtown.  I now live downtown and currently do not have a car.  If that is not possible, its no big deal, I will just take a cab over to the buffalo gap.  Just let me know...  Bert ~Bert
Mark and Eric,  John Malowney here in the Portland office is trying to assist Louisiana-Pacific in financially hedging their overall gas exposure.  The attached e-mail and spreadsheet outline the basics.  Essentially, he would like to group their plants into 5 or 6 general pricing regions for parsimony.  At this point, we are looking for assistance roughly grouping these plants together.  Obvioulsy, If L-P is interested in this type of hedge, we will be contacting you for further assistance in obtaining quotes.  L-P has made it clear that they wish to deal with only one point-man at Enron and John has that role.  He is currently out of the office, so you should get back to me with any questions or needed clarifications.  Thanks for your assistance.  Please contact me by phone (503.464.8122) or e-mail.  Todd A. Perry~Todd A. Perry
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Dorie, is there a different charge for one day vs the next?  ( you us Canadians, always looking for the deal ).   Barry  ~Barry 
Please be advised that:  A counterparty that wants to terminate a contract needs to send a letter of termination via fax to (713) 646-3227             The termination letter needs to include:   1.) List of contracts being terminated   2.) Calculation of termination payment   3.) Expectation of payments if applicable    A counterparty that unwinds deals does not mean a contract its null and void; the counterparty is still liable for the existing deals governed by the contract  Please forward this on to anyone who needs this information.  Thanks,  Susan *7086 ~Susan*7086
I HAD TO MAKE SOME MINOR ALTERATIONS TO THE SCHEDULES FOR AUGUST AND SEPTEMBER BECAUSE MEIR IS OUT OF TOWN ON SOME OF THE DAYS.  I KNEW OF THIS ONLY AFTER I HAD MADE THE SCHEDULES.  IT AFFECTS ONLY A COUPLE OF MEMBERS IN THE GROUP.  SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.  BERT ~BERT
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim~Kim
Kim, can you call me upon receipt of this e-mail.. I require a confirm to be raised as part of a complicated three way transaction.   Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587.  ~Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587. 
FYI -  The Southwest OASIS website (for PNM, SRP, NEVP, EPE, SMUD, SPP, and LADWP transmission reservations) has given us a new login ID and password. Don Norman is no longer our site administrator; Les Rawson has taken that title. I registered us with two user names and passwords, which are as follows:   Login: rxtime12  Password: epmipower   Login: kxsymes1  Password: realtime  Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this new procedure.  Thanks, Kate ~Kate
For all cuts the following procedures apply...  1.) Notes as usual  2.) In the Enpower Path Confirmation, we need to make cuts as Path Confirms. Enter comments in the confirmed section. We will be zeroing Enpower deals out on Monday (hint: NOTES are VERY important--All CUTS must be notated and the notes must be put in the accordion folders).  3.) Try to have the counterparties continue any paths around us. Just "bow out" gracefully if you have no other options with the words "L - D's."  4.) If we are cut by a generator/utility going into California, we must call the HA desk at California and tell them the increment that we will be underscheduling our load by. For example, EPE will be cutting all schedules going into California on light load (100 mws). If we cannot resupply the schedules we need to tell the state that we are underscheduling our load by 100 mws. THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. We have posted an LC with Cali for this reason.  Also, EPE will be long RT 100 mws off-peak as they are no longer selling to us. 25 mws should be sold to TEP to cover a forward schedule. Stacy has set this up at PV. Please do this as a direct bill with EPE. As of Jan 01, 2002 we will no longer be marketing for EPE. Also, PV#3 will be coming off this weekend, and FC#4 will be down from HE 22 on Saturday through HE 06 on Sunday.  This will probably not be a fun weekend.  I appreciate your help.   Bill ~Bill
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Sorrry I missed  your call.... I am in all day today. Call me back if you need to speak with me.   BT   3-1587. ~BT   3-1587. 
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
We have reached resolution regarding the parking and mass transit issue.  Until notified otherwise, the parking and mass transit subsidy will continue as an employee benefit.   For those who have a payroll parking deduction, your deduction has been stopped.  No deduction should occur on 12/31/01 payroll.  In addition, you should receive a credit for the deduction taken for the 12/15 payroll.    For those who incurred any out-of-pocket parking costs during the month of December, you may expense up to $89 for reimbursement.    Beginning 1/1/02, parking and mass transit will continue as follows:  WTC Parking:  You should receive your parking pass in the mail. Payroll deductions will begin on the 1/15/02 paycheck. (No Action Req'd)  Outside Parking Lots:  Park at lot of your choice and pay out of pocket.  Request reimbursement of up to $89 per month. (No payroll parking deduction will occur)  Tri-Met and MAX employees:  Passes are available for January.  If you would like to pick up your pass, please see Debra Davidson.     NOTE:  Extra Tri-Met passes are available.  If you would like to select mass transit as your parking option, please notify either Grace or myself before Friday, 12/21/01 EOB and we will insure a monthly pass is available.  Validations:  We will no longer validate parking passes, however, you are able to reimburse up to $89 per month for daily parking.  If you have any questions, please let us know!   ENA Human Resources Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404  Grace Rodriguez 503) 464-8321 ~ENA Human ResourcesJulie Kearney503) 464-7404Grace Rodriguez503) 464-8321
Please make sure to check the new schedule for real time for the rest of the month of August.  Due to Ryan becomming the EOL trader for real time...we had to make some adjustments to the schedule.  I tried to make as fair for all as possible.  If you have any concerns please see me to see if there is anything I can do to help.  Also please give me any requests for Sept as I am going to be making it soon.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Realtime group- This occurs when your H drive is not mapped.  To fix the mapping, follow the instructions at:  http://172.17.172.62/rt/tips/mapHdrive.html  Hope this helps!  John Oh Enron North America  503.464.5066 121 SW Salmon Street  503.701.1160 (cell) 3WTC 0306   503.464.3740 (fax) Portland, OR 97204   John.Oh@Enron.com ~John OhEnron North America		503.464.5066121 SW Salmon Street		503.701.1160 (cell)3WTC 0306			503.464.3740 (fax)Portland, OR 97204			John.Oh@Enron.com
For those of you that will be in the office after New Year's, we will begin an informal fundies meeting each day to cover what has happened in the market since we filed for bankruptcy.  We will go over pipeline flows, storage balances, weather, monthly and daily prices, etc. With a few of the Banks showing interest in showing a bid, I thought it would be good for us to begin our preparation to trade the market.  Chris Gaskill will be providing the daily packet and Patti Sullivan will provide the daily operations report.     I was thinking that we should start around 9:30 each morning.  Grigsby~Grigsby
Judy, what is the proper mailing address in Calgary that my supporting documents should be sent to.  Also, should I include a blank cheque to you for payment to the Canadian Taxes or do you want me to wait until we know what the amount is.   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
Tom:  Earlier I wrote that it would be easier for me to meet downtown because I don't have my car.  However, Molly has made an unexpected trip to PA so I have her car.  Meeting @ the Buffalo Gap is not a problem anymore.  Bert ~Bert
I have reviewed the master physical gas agreements for the 10 counterparties (excluding trading companies) at the top of the exposure list to determine whether the contracts contemplate one-way or two-way payments.  1.  Petro Canada Oil & Gas - One Way 2.  Canadian Natural Resources - Two Way 3.  Marathon Canada Limited - One Way 4.  Husky Oil Operations Limited - One Way 5.  Murphy Canada Exploration Company - One Way 6.  Encal Energy Ltd. - One Way 7.  Talisman Energy Inc. - One Way 8.  Premstar Energy Canada Ltd. - Two Way 9.  Rio Alto Exploration Ltd. - One Way 10.  Sunoco Inc. - Two Way  The basic operation of a one way payment provision is that, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position based upon the Early Termination Damages calculation, the Early Termination Damages are deemed to be zero and the non-defaulting party is not required to pay that amount to the defaulting party (the defaulting party's position is wiped out).  However, we would still be entitled, prior to default, to call for collateral where a counterparty's out-of-the money position is in excess of its collateral threshold, which would provide us with security to ensure the counterparty continues to pay.  In addition, if the counterparty failed to post such collateral, they would be in default, we could terminate the contract and, as the non-defaulting party, we would be in a position to realize on our in-the-money position.  If, after we received the collateral, we were then to become insolvent or otherwise default under the master, the counterparty could terminate the contract, our mark-to-market position would be wiped out and we would be required to return any unused collateral.  The operation of a two way payment provision is that the early termination damages are calculated by the non-defaulting party and whoever has a net in-the-money position based upon such calculation is owed the termination payment, regardless of whether such party is the defaulting or non-defaulting party.  In other words, unlike a one way payment, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position upon termination of the contract, the non-defaulting party will be required to pay that amount to the defaulting party.  Therefore, if we were to become insolvent or otherwise default under a master and we had a net in-the-money position under that master, the counterparty could terminate the contract but we would still be owed our mark-to-market position.  The other point to consider in the situation where there is a two way payment provision is that, of the three counterparty masters above that contain two way payments, all three also contain cherry picking language that, upon the occurrence of an event of default other than insolvency, allows the non-defaulting counterparty to pick and choose which transactions to terminate.  In other words, the counterparty need not terminate all transactions, which could effect the amount otherwise owed to the defaulting party.  Even with cherry-picking, upon the occurrence of an insolvency, all transactions are deemed to terminate, so cherry picking would not be a factor.  You had also asked whether the failure by a party to call for collateral when it is entitled to under a contract would have an impact on the ability of such party to collect on a termination payment owed to it upon termination of the contract.  Other than the fact that the failure to call for collateral may mean that we do not hold credit support that would be usable to offset a termination payment owing if the party obligated to pay fails to pay, the right to call for collateral is just that, a right and not an obligation, and the failure to call for collateral does not colour the right of the party owed the termination payment to require it be paid.  Let me know if you need anything further with respect to this matter.  Greg ~Greg
Hi Bertmeister! Good to have you back in the UBS fold. It is also good to hear all is going well for you and Molly. I would look forward to getting together sometime, perhaps for breakfast next Tuesday or Wednesday (2/5 or 2/6). Let me know which works for you.  Tom ~Tom
PAC NW 503-813-5389 PAC SW 503-813-5374 Old number get busy tones Enjoy Leaf ~Leaf
Group,  As of HE2 this morning, our contract with MPC was ended. For the time being, we will no longer be balancing MPC's load.  Also, we can only purchase up to 100 mws from APS transmission. Please do not put wheels in to relieve congestion for over 100 mws. But do check the transmission availability on the website and maximize our ability to relieve congestion with APS in the Southwest. These should be the only congestion wheels that we run.  Also, please use PNM not AEP for any sleeving for EPE.  Thanks,  Bill ~Bill
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim send from my phone ~Kim
Bill:  Please note the following due to the past two days schedules have been wrong in the EPE Schedules in Excel:  Tag number 6181 has been cancelled (50mw to the CISO).  Lending is wrong in the EPE schedules (it is 75mw from PSCO instead of 50mw).  SPS is wrong for HE 08 (it is 130mw instead of 100mw).  I thought you might like to since this is the only income we have currently for real-time and a major screw-up could hurt our relationship.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Bert,  EnronOnline Production Cluster - Use Corp Log In  EnronOnline Stack Manager User ID: bmeyers Password: bmeyers  Please let me know if you have any questions.   Thank you,  Stephanie Sever EnronOnline 713-853-3465 ~Stephanie SeverEnronOnline713-853-3465
Mike, please ensure that as part of the dealer price quote process, we secure a long term quote to establish a MTM on this transaction. The particulars of the structure are.  Est Volume:      5,000 - 50,000 MMbtu/day  Start Date:     June 1, 2003 - May 30, 2020  Delivery Point: El Paso Keystone Pool  Pricing Reference Point:        Gas Dailiy Daily Index Electronic Index Midpoint or the Gas Daily Daily Index Midpoint.    We need the index two way if that is possible.   Thanks, BT ~BT 
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Thanks,Frank ~Frank
Mark, further to our conversation... Mercado transacted with Enron North America under the terms and conditions of a financial transaction and these transactions have been or will be settled financially, however these transactions could have been set up as physical.  The structure of the transaction changes as a result of a few variables, including the price,day of cash settlement, and curtailment issues on San Jan deliveries which would then automatically convert the fixed price portion to 100% load factor and settlement would be on 100% of the volume regardless as to what physically flowed.   Please call me if there are any questions regarding this note.     Barry  Tycholiz Vice President, Enron North America~Barry  TycholizVice President, Enron North America
Please attend the subject meeting in at 9:00 AM on Wednesday, 12/19 in ECS 06716 (next to the credit war room).  Invite anyone you think needs to be there.  If you have any questions, please ask. Regards, Ed ~Ed
To Whom it may concern:  Tag 23841 was cut by 50 MW for HE 01 and HE 02.  Wally @ NEVP said he heard of the cut @ 23:30 on 06/27/01 but he neglected to call us and tell us about the cut.  The reason for the cut was PAC non-firm tranny being cut that PSCO bought.  However they sold us a firm product.  PNM didn't know about the cut either until their reliability person told them they were pushing power on the grid (Approx. time of notification 01:20).  We booked out with PSCO and PNM for HE 01 and HE 02 on the 4C345 part of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  For HE 03 25 MW was cut and we booked out with PSCO and PNM on the 4C345 piece of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  PSCO resupplied the power for HE 03 from SRP @ Mead 230.   The same thing happened for HE 06 as HE 03.  SRP resupplied  the power for HE 06.  I bought back for HE 06 from PSCO @ 4C345 and resold the power to SRP.  The deals are in the RT Inc. sheet for the 28th of June.  After the fact, I spoke with Ryan @ PSCO and he agreed to be billed liquidated damages for HE 01 and HE 02 on the MEAD 230 part of the transaction (06:00 on Kate Symes Phone).   Please Call with question,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Thanks for your interest in the Assistant Trader positions.  We have had sixteen people express interest in this role.  Based on the criteria listed below, you have been selected to be interviewed for this role.  Been in a trading or scheduling position for at least one year. Consistently received high performance ratings through the PRC process. Has consistently pursued a trading role as a career objective.  We are hoping to hold interviews during the next two days and make our decision by the end of the week.  The interviews will be conducted by members of the trading team.  Please send me an e-mail to let me know when you WON'T be available during the next few days.  You will be going through three separate half hour interviews with Crandall/Scholtes, Richter/Mallory, and Belden/Swerzbin.  Thanks.  Regards, Tim via mobile ~Tim
Welcome to UBS Warburg Energy, LLC  All UBS Warburg Energy, LLC employees are invited to join us for breakfast and happy hour on  Friday, February 8, 2002.  Breakfast, 8:15 a.m., here on the 3rd floor.  Happy Hour, 3:00 p.m., appetizers and drinks (2), Fernando's Hideaway, 824 SW First Avenue (upstairs)   We hope you will join us! Chris and Tim ~Chris and Tim
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:  TODAY I BOUGHT TRANNY FROM APS FOR THE FOLLOWING HOURS AND IN THE FOLLOWING AMOUNTS FROM PALO VERDE TO FOUR CORNERS 345:  HE 01:  15MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26810  HE 02:  47MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26812  HE 03:  20MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26813             50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26814--PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WAS A MISTAKE BUT I REALIZED IT TOO LATE TO TAKE THE SCHEDULE TO ZERO.   HE 04:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26816  HE 06:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26817   PLEASE CALL ME WITH ANY QUESTION--503-880-5315  REGARDS,  BERT MEYERS ~BERT MEYERS
To Whom this may concern:  Please note that Colstrip tripped @ approx. 13:20 today.  I picked up tranny from BPA (Mid-C to MPC SYS) for 62 MW.  The first hour of the cut was an integrated number of 41MW.  After Starting HE 15 on the cut was for the full 62 MW each hour.  The deal numbers affected by this cut were reduced by the appropriate amount (711291 and 709803) and new deals were made to correct enpower.  These new deals are 714148 and 714150.  If you have any questions please see me.  My number @ the real time desk is 1-800-684-1336.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Is exclusively gas.   Can you add to your list?  ($13 mm)  Thanks,  David ~David
Here's the draft that we discussed on Friday morning. Please take a look at it and let me know what you think (Jim is on vacation in New York this week). We've kept it brief. We put the upstream capacity in here in case you had achieved any further clarity on the disposition of those contracts, but it should be easy to remove if needed. We also changed from a two-month term to a three-month term because in the event that neither of us terminates the contracts by Feb. 15, we could then extend this agreement if we desired and not end up trying to sell the awkward block of March/April. Please let me know if you have any questions, and I look forward to discussing the draft. Thanks, and talk to you soon.   <<enron revised dec 17__.doc>>   Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com 503-833-4350 ~Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com503-833-4350
Tag number 25430 was cut for HE 19 by 3 MW.  This was a buy from LV Cogen and a sell to SRP.  I resupplied the power from EPEC in the hour from El Paso Electric for $50 and gave it to SRP @ Palo Verde.  I spoke to Mike @ SRP for this deal and he agreed. In enpower I have made deals for a buy from EPE and a sell to LV Cogen under the ST West Services Book.  The deals are 666355 and 66356.  If you have any question please give me a call on the West short term services desk.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
            FT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.3771        1.9463     2.7347   Zone 5                2.4353        1.9961     2.7998   Zone 6                2.4823        2.0363     2.8524      IT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4178        1.9870     2.7754   Zone 5                2.6210        2.1818     2.9855   Zone 6                2.7765        2.3305     3.1466     FTG                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4449        2.0141     2.8025   Zone 5                2.7448        2.3056     3.1093                           AVG.          BUY        SELL                         ------        ------     ------   FTNT                  2.3820        1.9600     2.7200   For information concerning cash out transactions, please contact Casilda Vasquez at (713)215-4504.  Thanks, Stella Yu Manager - Rate Systems (713)215-3381 ~Stella YuManager - Rate Systems(713)215-3381
Barry, what did you do to the company!?  Listen, sorry to hear about the  problems at ENRON.  What a strange turn of events.  It is pretty bizarre  after 10 years of ENRON being the model for other companies on how to  succeed in the energy industry. What's your take on why it happened?  We get  a little bit of news down here but we're a little out of touch.  How are you taking it?  Are you pissed? Do you feel like you squeezed pretty  much what you wanted out of the job? What's the next thing for Barry Tic?   Well, like all of life's curve-balls there is always something sweet in the  next pitch you get (jeez, how sappy is that!).  Anyway, hope you're taking  it all with the good nature you always do.  Hey, maybe this will give you the chance to take a holiday in Ecuador  (Christmas turkey at our house this year?).  Say hi to Kim for us, drop me a  line as soon as you can (a better address to reach me is craigh@ph.com.ec).   Sorry I haven't sent a note before this but you know we are always rooting  for you.  Your pal, Craig. ~Craig.
Your EnronOnline user ID and password is noted below.  To reach the EnronOnline web site, please use: www.enrononline.com <http://www.enrononline.com>.   User ID: EOL59876 Password: WELCOME!   Please note that the User ID and password will need to be in upper case.  Please contact the EnronOnline helpdesk if you have any questions or problems getting into the system.  Helpdesk# 713-853-4357  Thanks, Cecil John X3-6259 ~Cecil JohnX3-6259
Barry,  How are you? Just want to say hi. It must be a very hectic week and stressful. With the talents of people at Enron such as yourself being the major asset of the company, the industry recognizes that fact. I am sure that you will do well. In the mean time, hold tight, pray, and have faith.   Keep in touch.   Joseph Cheung send from my phone ~Joseph Cheung
Mr. Meyers-  I received your request from eHR.com this morning. Please let me know what kinds of information you would like so I can best direct your request. Thank you very much.  ________________________________________ Gary Hewitt Web Content Manager Watson Wyatt Worldwide 1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006 tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953 gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com ~Gary HewittWeb Content ManagerWatson Wyatt Worldwide1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com
This message is only relevant for those going to UBS.  When exporting your EMAIL messages listed in the instructions or via the Outlook Export utility, attachments WILL NOT BE SAVED! There will be a better solution to exporting your Email messages and all your attachments emailed later today.  Thank you, John Oh via mobile ~John Oh
Donald,  Ralph from the Alberta Power Pool called to review tag #22872.  He is wondering if this tag should run both this sunday and the next sunday.  If you could please check it out when you have some time on Monday for the following week he would certainly appreciate it.  If there is no problem with the tag then he said not to bother.  The main issue is that the schedule will flow for this weekend.    Any questions please give me a call.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Tom:  I would be delighted to meet with you over breakfast.  I am available for both of the times you suggested, just name the time and the place.  Regards,  Bert ~Bert
Hi. Just thought I'd see how you were holding up in light of the circumstances. Planning on coming back to the great white north for Xmas? Give us a call sometime. Bryn ~Bryn
Following is an email I have sent to my group, outlining a process to ensure everyone is on board and nothing falls through the cracks.  David ~David
Bill:  Last night as I was trying to log onto the ADS machine I kept getting a server error.  You will probably want to let one of the IT guys know of this problem  Bert ~Bert
Thanks to each of you who help in the review process yesterday.  As many of you know, we found that several of the contracts that we reviewed did reconcile with the Total Exposure (in other words, the agreements were not the right ones).  Eric Moon and Russell Diamond are working with IT, Credit and Risk to access deal specific information in a way that will let us link deal numbers to contract numbers.  Thereafter we can get the right agreements and finish the process.  I will update you later today on the status.  If you have any questions, please ask. Ed ~Ed
God Bless America. If anyone uses one of these moves please report back to me with your results.  I will attempt the Shanghai Shampoo on my date tonight.  HOW TO IMPRESS YOUR GIRLFRIEND These are techniques that have been sent to me by various Bunthaus heads. I want to again stress that in no way do we condone the techniques listed here or practice these. Except maybe the Turkey Shoot and the Rear Admiral. And definitely the Spicey Stanley. Here is a fairly extensive compilation of some of the extraordinary sexual activities that can be performed by men:  1. Tea bag - As you are sitting on a girl's face, repeatedly dip your scrotum in and out of her mouth, similar to a tea bag in a cup of hot water. An old favorite.  2. Hot Lunch - While receiving head from a woman, you shit on her chest. (a.k.a. the Cleveland Steamer) 3. The Stranger - Sitting on your hand until it falls asleep and then jerking off, eliciting the feeling of a hand job from someone else. 4. Donkey Punch - Banging a girl doggy style and then moments before you cum, sticking your dick in her ass, and then punching her in the back of the head. This gives a tremendous sensation, but for it to work correctly, the girl must be knocked out so that her asshole tightens up. 5. Golden Shower - Any form of peeing on a girl. (aka: watersports) 6. Pearl Necklace - Well known. Whenever you cum on the neck/cleavage area of a girl, it takes on the look of beautiful jewelry. 7. Coyote - This occurs when you wake up in the room of a nasty skank and you know you've got to give her the slip. However, you realize that your arm is wrapped around her. Therefore, you must gnaw off your own arm to get out of this situation. Can be very painful. 8. Purple Mushroom - This occurs when a woman is giving you oral sex and you withdraw your penis in order to poke it back into her cheek. It should leave a lasting impression similar to a purple mushroom. 9. The Flying Camel - A personal favorite. As she is lying on her back and you are hammering her from your knees, you carefully balance yourself without using your arms to prop yourself up. You then to flap your arms and let out a long, shrieking howl. Strictly a class move.  10. Double Fishhook - From the doggy-style position, you hook your pinky fingers in her mouth and pull back to achieve deeper penetration. 11. The Ram - Again, you're attacking from behind, when you start ramming her head against the wall in a rhythmic motion. The force of the wall should allow for deeper penetration. Very handy for those lulls in penile sensitivity. 12. Dog in a Bathtub - This is the proper name for when you attempt to insert your nuts into a girl's ass. It is so named because it can be just as hard as keeping a dog in the tub while giving it a bath. 13. The Bronco - Back to reality with this classic. You start by going doggy style and then just when she is really enjoying it, you grab onto her tits as tightly as possible and yell another girl's name. This gives you the feeling of riding a bronco as she tries to buck you off.  14. Pink Glove - This frequently happens during sex when a girl is not wet enough. When you pull out to give her the money, the inside of her twat sticks to your hog. Thus, the pink glove. 15. The Fountain of You - While sitting on her face and having her eat your ass, jerk off like a madman. Build up as much pressure as possible before releasing, spewing like a venerable geyser all over her face, neck and tits. (Better in her bed)  16. New York Style Taco - Anytime when you are so drunk that when you go down on her, you puke on her box. Happy trails! 17. Dirty Sanchez - While banging a girl doggy style, quickly stick 2 fingers deep into her starfish, then reach around and wipe the residue on her upper lip, providing her a mustache. 18. Western Grip - When jerking off, turn your hand around, so that your thumb is facing towards you. It is the same grip that rodeo folks use; hence, western.  19. The Blumpkin - You need to find a real tramp to do this right. It involves having her suck you off while you're on the shitter. 20. The Bismark - Another one involving oral sex. Right before you are about to spew, pull out and shoot all over her face. Follow that with a punch and smear the blood and jism together. 21. Jelly Doughnut - A derivation of the Bismark. All you have to do is punch her in the nose while you are getting head.  22. Woody Woodpecker - While a chick is sucking on your balls, repeatedly tap the head of your cock on her forehead. 23. Tossing salad - Well known by now. A prison act where one person is forced to chow starfish with the help of whatever condiments are available, i.e. Jello, jism, etc 24. The Fish Eye - Working from behind, you shove your finger in her pooper. Thereupon, she turns around in a one-eyed winking motion to see what the hell you are doing. 25. Tuna Melt - You're down on a chick, lapping away, and you discover that it's her time of the month. By no means do you stop though. When the whale spews, tartar sauce with a hint of raspberry smothers your face.  26. The Fur Ball - You're chomping away at some mighty Zena who has a mane between her legs the size of Lionel Richie's afro, when a mammoth fur ball gets lodged in your throat. You punch her.  27. The Chili Dog - You take a dump on the girl's chest and then titty fuck her. 28. Gaylord Perry - Going to only one knuckle during an anal probe is for wimps. Make this famous knuckle-ball pitcher proud and use multiple digits on that virgin corn hole. A minimum of 2 knuckles required (either on one finger or on multiple).  29. The Rear Admiral - An absolute blast. When getting a chick from behind (with both partners standing), make sure you don't let her grab onto anything when she is bent over. Then, drive your hips into her backside so that the momentum pushes her forward. The goal is to push her into a wall or table, or have her trip and fall on her face. You attain the status of Admiral when you can push her around the room without crashing into anything and not using your hands to grab onto her hips. 30. Glass Bottom Boat - Putting saran wrap over the skank's face and taking a dump. 31. Ray Bans - Put your nuts over her eye sockets while getting head. You're can is on her forehead. Yes, it may be anatomically impossible, but it is definitely worth a try.  32. The Snowmobile - When plugging a girl while she's on all fours, reach around and sweep out her arms so she falls on her face.  33. The Dutch Oven - Also well known. Whenever you fart while humping, pull the covers over her head. Don't let her out until all movement ceases.  34. Smoking Pole - Self Explanatory. Don't use fire. 35. Rusty Trombone - Getting the reacharound while getting your salad tossed. Also known as milking the prostate. 36. Turkey Shoot - When you're coming, come on her face and let it drip off her chin so it looks like that red shit on the turkey's chin. 37. Stovepiping - Taking it in the Tush. 38. Rusty Anchor - After a healthy term of the Stovepiping, the recipient gets to enjoy a good fudgesicle. 39. Sandpiper - A stovepiping on the local beach, desert, or playground sandbox. Also known as the Sandblast.  40. Lucky Pierre - the middle man in a three way buttfuck. Also known as the french sandwich. UPDATED!!!! NEW LISTINGS!!!! 41.Divortex- A mystical place into which old friends are sucked when a married couple splits up. 42.Blump- To suck someone's dick while they are taking a dump. 43.Bustard- A very rude bus driver. 44.Cold Faithful- Blowing your visibly-steaming load outside in the winter-time, like when you get your cock sucked on a ski-lift. 45.Grand pappy smash- To beat your meat so hardcore that it starts to chafe and bleed. 46.Esplanade- To attempt an explanation while drunk. 47.Flatulence- The emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller.  48.Butt Rodeo- When you're going at it with a girl, you flip her over real fast, start ramming her in the ass and yell as loud as possible "BUTT RODEO!" You then see how long you can ride her till she tosses ya off! 49.Bargoyle- The hideous old hair-spray hag who seems to live at your local watering hole. She usually smokes endlessly, spends hundreds of dollars a night on video-poker, and makes sexually threatening comments to frightened college freshmen. 50.Pasteurize- Once you get her hairy bush pasteurize, you got it licked! 51.Beerelevant- A point which does not seem to be particularly important, given enough beer 52.Mangry- Describing the anger of women who are angry at men, specifically. "She's such a bitch, she's just plain mangry." 53.Clitourist- A man who won't stop and ask for directions in bed. ie: "Because of his fouled foreplay, Suzy realized that her new boyfriend was no experienced bedroom traveler, but merely a clitourist."  54.Stuffucking- The act of "stuffing in" your limp, helpless member in hopes of getting it up. Potential causes: you're too drunk or she's too ugly. (see also; Fugly) 55.Antlers- Wide, flat, flapjack titties that come to a sharp point at the nipples. 56.The Kangmin - while a girl is reciting bad poetry, you take her from behind.  57.The Flaming Amazon- This one's for all you pyromaniacs out there. When you're screwing some chick, right when your about to cum, pull out and quickly grab the nearest lighter and set her pubes on fire, then extinguish the flames with your jizz! 58.The Screwnicorn -When a dyke puts her strap-on dildo on her forehead and proceeds to go at her partner like a crazed unicorn. 59.Split pissonality -When you're taking a leak and you get two streams out of the one hole!  60.A Short in the Cord- A "code" phrase used by the common man to refer to Testicular Tendon Tangle Syndrome. Ex. "Oh fuck! My nuts are killing me... I think I've got a short in the cord."  61.Old Jism Trail -The stream of semen oozing down the chin and chest of someone who has just finished fellating a senior citizen. 62.Abdicate -To give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach.  63.Lymph -To walk with a lisp.  64.Anal Boot- An anal boot is when you take a pitcher of beer, everyone spits in it, someone stirs it with their cock and then the mixture is poured through the crack of a man ass into the waiting mouth of the loser of a bet or drinking game.  65.Australian Death Grip- The act of grabbing a woman by the haunches/crotch and staring deeply into her eyes until you're slapped or kissed. A recommended tactic for very crowded bars. Another great opportunity for wagering among friends. 66.Fumilingus -When a man (or woman) performs cunnilingus on a woman and she farts directly in his/her face.  67.Intoxicourse- Having sexual intercourse whilst piss-drunk. 68.Valsalva -The act of pinching shut (with thumb and forefinger) a woman's nose while receiving fellatio; most effective when employed just prior to the release point due to the gag reflex and ensuing swallow that the woman is forced to do to continue breathing. A great first date ploy, as it sets the stage for what the rules of engagement will be going forward. 69.Insta-gasm -Pre-mature ejaculation at the sight of a beautiful woman. ie: "She was so fine, I had an insta-gasm before I could get her clothes off!" 70.Manual Deconstipation -This is where you get out the hand cream and go in manually for the hammerhead by breaking it into smaller chunks and pulling it out a piece at a time. 71.Post Poodum Syndrome -The feeling of depression felt after successful removal of a hammerhead. The excitement has passed, and you must now find something else to occupy your time. 72.The Homolic Maneuver -Using your penis to dislodge an object blocking a choking victim's windpipe.  73.Pegging - having a female take you in the rear with a strap on.  74. The UnderDog - after a hard session at the gym, your armpit muscle begins to twitch; thus giving you the ability to jerk a guy off with your armpit muscle.  75. The Twinkler - when you are 69ing a girl and you shove your dick into mouth hard, and you watch her a-hole "twinkle" as she gags.  76. Angry dragon - This involves the girl giving the guy head and as he is about to cum slapping the girl on the back of the head causing the cum to come out her nose. Great care should be used to not slap her mouth shut. 77. Tony Danza - a takeoff of the donkey punch is called the Tony Danza. When you are about to cum while doing a girl from behind, you say "who's the boss?" and stick it in her ass. Before she says anything you shout "TONY DANZA!" and punch her in the back of the head. 78. Alaskan firedragon - another good take off is one of the angry dragon that is called the alaskan firedragon. When a girl is giving you a blowjob, cum in her mouth unexpectedly and plug up her mouth at the same time. Then whisper in her ear "i have syphilis" so she spews it out her nose. 79. The Walrus - when she's giving u a blowjob and u cum in her mouth unexpectadly, cover up her mouth and punch her in the stomach.  80. The Fat Lip - If you get poison ivy and finger a girl, her labia lips will swell. A la, the fat lip. 81. Sleeping Bag - If you're going down on a really fat girl, you pull her enormous stomach roll of fat over your head. 82. Hummer Bird - when a girl is giving a guy a hummer, and he's enjoying it, she bites on his bird.  83. Bloody Mary - when a drunk guy is going down on a girl and without even realizing it after he's done, he realizes Mary was very Bloody 84. The Houdini - this maneuver is accomplished while going at it doggy style. As you feel you are about to cum, you pull out and spit on the small of her back (making her think you've finished...). It's at the point when she turns around when *BAM!* You bust your load in her face (in the eye if you've got proper aiming techniques down.) Also known as the Doug Hennings and the David Copperfield. 85. Upperdecking - This one takes practice. This maneuver requires a toilet with a tank above it, like the ones in most homes. Instead of crapping in the bowl, you shit in the tank (i.e. upperdecking). Now don't flush. When the following victim flushes, the rancid waste fills the bowl. If you play your cards right, it may ferment  86. Journey into darkness - This is the most disturbing of all. It entails shitting into another person's asshole. Not for beginners. 87. Rocky Balboa - dont shower for 2 weeks, then diarrhea down her throat at any point during sexual contact. 88. Rocky Balboa Title Punch - same as the Rocky Balboa, but in that non-showering 2 weeks all you eat is corn.  I don't usually do this, but I have to give credit to Sascha and Zach for the next 2. I'm only doing this because they are my bosses kids...  89. The McDonald's Quick Draw - Get your girlfriend to talk dirty into the intercom, making the order guy start to beat off. Then while pulling up to the window, have her give you falatio till you are about to blow your beefy chunk-load. Upon pulling up to the window, tell your girl friend to yell "Draw!". Then on "three", both you and the guy blow your loads either on her or eachother. 90. Uncle Jemima - the typical dirty chef at your local Denny's or other low-class food establishment who occasionally becomes disgruntled, and takes out his frustration on your meal, via "the ass wipe" or the "French Toast Strut" seen in Road Trip.  91. Airtight - this is where a girl has a cock in each of her three holes, hence, airtight. 92. The Throne of Lightning - This is done by fucking a girl while you shit in a toilet. When you're going to blow your load, turn her over and dunk her head in the toilet, while she's bobbing for your turd plummet a river of semen in her ass. Not to be confused with "Ride the Lightning," a Metallica album 93. Abe Lincoln - You're getting a girl up the ass and give her a swift donkey punch to the back of her head, knocking her unconscious. You then turn her around and jerk off and blow your load all over her face. Then you shave her beaver and take the clippings and spread it where you jizzed on her, making a beard that looks like good ol Honest Abe's.  94. Thanksgiving - Just like the holiday, Thanksgiving is when you do a girl and then she puts her two big butt cheeks on your face like holiday hams. An overcooked thanksgiving is similar to this but instead of just putting the cheeks on your head she farts on it too.  95. PEUM - An acronym coined by a group of drunk assholes that defines the annoying (and uncontrollable) tendency to piss in multiple directions after a raucous fuck: Post-Ejaculatory Urinary Misfire.  96. The Beverly Hills Whiffer -This move is restricted to those women who think they're God's gift to the world. Find a woman of the above description. Take her home and start doggie styling her. When you're about to blow, corkscrew two fingers into her ass, scraping as much shit as you can from her. Pull out your fingers, reach around her head to stick one finger in each nostril. Pull her head back so she can see you while you yell "So, you think your shit don't stink now ?!"  97. Shanghai Shampoo - Fuck a chick until you've built up a load large enough to paint a room. Blow it all in her hair, rub it in thoroughly. When it dries it will resemble the crunchy noodles often served with chop suey.  98 . Frosting the Cake - When you are about to cum, blow a load all over her chest. Then take your dick and evenly spread the Jism around the breasts and over the nipples. Then stick some candles on it and start singing "Happy Birthday." Then blow out the candles  99. Spicey Stanley - When a girl takes hot sauce and pours it on your cock. She then proceeds to give you a blowjob, making sure all of the hot sauce is gone.   Pete Mehok NaviStaff, Inc. Technical Recruiter 332 Springfield Ave Suite 210 Summit, NJ 07901 pm@navistaff.com p:908.273.6960 Ext. 104 f:908.273.6940 www.navistaff.com ~Pete MehokNaviStaff, Inc.Technical Recruiter332 Springfield Ave Suite 210Summit, NJ 07901pm@navistaff.comp:908.273.6960 Ext. 104f:908.273.6940www.navistaff.com
Leaf,  Lisa Gang wanted me to tell the night shift that tag # 25883 is not a good tag.  We tried to cancel it but for some reason WALC denied our cancel request.  Cara already spoke to Leon @ PAC regarding this issue.  The reason this tag is not a good tag is the tranny request was duplicated in another tag (25825) which is a good tag.  If you have any questions please call Cara on her cell phone.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Barry,  Here are our financial products for EOL that we would like to appear on the screen on Monday, as requested by John Zufferli. Call me if you have any questions    Stephane x6721 ~Stephanex6721
Mary,   Attached is a letter providing notification of our cancellation as authorized market for the city of Pasadena.  Please let me know if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim Ward ~Kim Ward
I have completed the organizer... I have also sent to you today my information for filing purposes. Call and let me know what else you need.  Barry  ~Barry 
Enron employees not participating in contract parking are eligible to receive Metro Bus Passes or Woodlands Express Passes.  You may pick up a bus pass from the Parking & Transportation Desk, on Level 3 of the Enron Building, from 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM.    All Metro passes offered through the Enron Parking & Transportation desk will be the Metro 30 Day Zone Pass.  When you use a 30-day zone pass, bus service is divided into four zones w/ unlimited rides.  The zone pass is time activated, which means that it will not become active until the first time it is used and will not expire until 30 days after it was used for the first time.  New passes will be available to Enron employees upon expiration of the 30 day time period. Each zone does have a different fare values based on the distance the bus travels. This is important to any buser who wants to transfer to or travel in a higher-cost zone than the zone pass they have, in this case the difference must be paid in cash.  If they are traveling in a lower cost zone, then there is no extra cost.    Parking & Transportation Desk 3-7060 ~Parking & Transportation Desk3-7060
As some of you might already know, I resigned today.  I feel fortunate and blessed to have had this experience here at Enron.  Not only have I learned a tremendous amount, but I also have met some very talented and unique people.  I am not 100% sure what I will do at this point, but I will probably be heading up to NYC in January.  I feel sad to end this chapter, yet excited as I begin a new one in my life.    As always, it has been a pleasure working with you!  Keep in touch.  I will be interested to see what happens.  Carole C. Frank Enron Net Works  713.345.3960 work 713.446.9307 cell 713.467.3860 home carole_frank@excite.com ~Carole C. FrankEnron Net Works713.345.3960 work713.446.9307 cell713.467.3860 homecarole_frank@excite.com
Here is the list of gas and power products we would like to see on the screen.     Call me if you have any questions Stephane Brodeur (403) 974-6721 ~Stephane Brodeur(403) 974-6721
Group,  There are two new paths for EPE information.  The first is for EPE schedules: This path is P:/Trading/Real Time/El Paso Schedules/Admin/El Paso Schedules/2002/Feb02/EPE_FEB_02  The second is for the EPE models: M:/Electric/EPE/EPE 2002/Models/February02/...  The estate will be settling CAPS each day (creating DA and HA finals) beginning on Friday.   Please work closely with John and Dave to get all problems resolved as quickly as possible.  Thanks, Bill ~Bill
Les,  FYI, LV COGEN went off line @ 15:00.  We called SRP to inform them of the cut and Vanessa said she sees the schedule as unit contingent so she agreed to go to zero on the schedule.  Bert ~Bert
Greetings Steve:  We have had many inquiries regarding our transportation agreements, specifically PGT, Kern River and El Paso.    Most pressing is PGT's request to market capacity on our behalf. Although I do not believe we need to have PGT perform this function, I do believe we could mitigate some demand charge exposure for "the estate".    Are you available to meet with Barry and I first thing tomorrow morning? We need to have an answer for PGT's request. We need to know what the contractual rights are for 1) the pipeline when a shipper declares bankruptcy and 2) our ability to mitigate demand charge exposure by releasing capacity on a short term basis (month at a time?).  Better yet, can we unilaterally turn capacity back to any of these pipes or do we need to reach some type of court approved settlement?  Obviously, we have many questions. Please advise of your ability to meet ASAP.  Thanks,  Stephanie   ~Stephanie
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
Barry, attached is a copy of one of our latest fundamentals packages.  Dean~Dean
Ryan:  Please be aware that on the days of the 14, 15, and 16 of July.  I need to help my wife pack and unpack for our move to downtown Portland.  Any consideration you can arrange will be greatly appreciated.    Give me a call with any questions or concerns  Bert ~Bert
FYI -  All trades done on behalf of El Paso will now be directly billed by El Paso. This means three things for us:  1. Format of the model stays the same.  2. Deals do not go into Enpower. 3. "Counterparty" in the model must show the billing counterparty only (to simplify Kathy's settlement process).  *Per El Paso, please try to market their power through SRP, PNM, PAC, and LADWP only.* These are the counterparties El Paso has contacted regarding our new arrangement.   Please let me know if you have questions.  Thanks,  Kate ~Kate
Please find attached a draft agreement for the purchase of EPMI's position with Santa Clara.   Peter Meier~Peter Meier
I had a problem with CAPS again (profile error).  Last time you said that is was a problem with the mapping of the H: drive.  Login:  janders3  JohnAnderson Realtime ~JohnAndersonRealtime
I hope you had a Merry Christmas.  We are having a great time.  Lucci and I are working with Ed Mc Michael on selling of the storage today.  If you need me call me on my cellphone or email me.   Take care,   Mark~Mark
Dave, I don't know if you received this original message or not.... we will cancel today's meeting. If you need to reach me, call in...   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
This may be too early, but just in case....I will save the good-byes until they become absolutely necessary.  Could I have your outside e-mails and possibly your phone #'s?  If you feel uncomfortable giving these to me, that is o.k.  The following is my information.   Carole C. Frank carole_frank@excite.com 713.446.9307 cell 713-467-3860 home send from my phone ~Carole C. Frankcarole_frank@excite.com713.446.9307 cell713-467-3860 home
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Frank ~Frank
I checke our Historical Caps for these deals and i am certain that we bought from and sold to Reliant (NES1) for hour ending 11.  If this were not the case we would have failed phase 2 with the ISO.  I am searching my notes for the price and whom I spoke with at Reliant.  Regards,   Bert  ~Regards, Bert 
We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco.  So far, we have primarily focussed on the mid/back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors.  Several plans are in the final stages of completion including:-  + Infrastructure  Jenny Rub + Development  Jay Webb + EnronOnline  Webb / Forster + HR   David Oxley + Cash Management Tom Myers + Credit   Debbie Brackett  The rest will be completed shortly.  We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus. John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration"  plans by January 7th, 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups.  The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible.  I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help.  Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually.  Customer Side  + Customers  Phase  1 - First Week (eg top 10)     Phase  2 - First Month (eg top 50)     Phase  3 - First Quarter (eg top 100) + Action Plan  Phase  1 Customers     Phase  2 Customers     Phase  3 Customers + Contracts by customers (pre-prepared with credit terms etc) + Customer visit schedule  Product Side + List of Products Phase 1 - First Week     Phase 2 - First Month     Phase 3 - First Quarter  Target Number of Transactions + Phase 1 + Phase 2 + Phase 3  IT transfer   Louise~Louise
Barry,  Wuold you please send an email to Diana Willigerod (cc:'ed above) authorizing her to provide me with a secon screen for EOL.   Thanks,  Dave ~Dave
Bill:  For yet another day we seem to be having problems including all the schedules in our EPE schedule sheet.  Tag 52159 was not included (25mw schedule to LADWP).  I think part of the problem is some counterparties are not including EPMIWE as a PSE.  Fortunately, the dispatchers had the schedule and informed me of the problem.  I then called LADWP and WESCO to checkout with them.  If this did not happen we wouldn't have known what the deal was.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Bert ~Bert
Kathy:  Please find the enclosed epe model for 01/25/02:      Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Amy,  Please note that I would like to interview for the trader assistant positions for both the cash desk and the term desk.  Bert Meyers Portland WSCC Real Time Desk 503-880-5315 ~Bert MeyersPortland WSCC Real Time Desk503-880-5315
Barry, hope that you had a great Christmas.  Just wanted to touch base. I am continuing to handle some issues from home on KeySpan and some Florida contracts.  I am not scheduled back until Jan 3.  Let me know if I can do anything.  Frank -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Hafrank vickers~Frank
Good Afternoon FSP users,  We have just finished a comprehensive FSP rebuild & testing phase for the next release of FSP.  The rebuild should address all the issues raised in the previous go-live as well as some additional capabilities for robustness.  Please note that we have already executed several hundred different test case scenarios & performed some stress testing using data before the Enron collapse.  What we need now is help from you to continue to identify enhancements and/or bugs with FSP so that we can go-live with FSP once the new company starts trading.  Susan Amador will be available to help in any testing.  You should probably also coordinate with her when you are about to start testing so that our continuing testing doesn't interfere with your testing.  PWRTESTN & PWRTESTP should be all setup for your use.  Here are some of the bug fixes & enhancements we have rolled-out with this latest release: 1.  Bid Curve - Ability to bid on zero volumes (for import, export, and wheels) 2.  Rebuild of all FSP application utilizing Direct Oracle Access components for faster database access & higher reliability. 3.  Bug Fixes on database commits to eliminate database "deadlocks". 4.  New aggregation scout to "stream-line" the template writing process & improve template writing performance. 5.  SQL tuned "Hour Ahead" template writing.  Confirmed performance of 1min 30 seconds on heavy transaction volume days. 6.  And many other small previously unidentified bugs.  We are very excited about this newest release and are looking forward to your feedback over the next couple of days.  Susan will probably be your best contact but please feel free to contact me at anytime.  Thanks,  TDavid Poston # 713-345-7834 ~TDavid Poston# 713-345-7834
Mark and Scott,  Attached is a letter that covers the inventory transfer.  If it's a go please revise as necessary sign and fax.  Thanks.  Jim Griffin Manager, Gas Transmission Marketing Montana Power Company 40 East Broadway Butte, MT  59701 Phone:  406-497-2806 Fax:      406-497-2054 Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> ~Jim GriffinManager, Gas Transmission MarketingMontana Power Company40 East BroadwayButte, MT  59701Phone:  406-497-2806Fax:      406-497-2054Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> 
The available interruptible transportation service (IT and  secondary FT) on Transco for pipeline day Monday, December 24, 2001 and continuing until further notice is summarized as follows:  Tier I and Tier II (only Sta. 90 through Sta. 180 affected)     0   MDt/day  South Virginia Lateral Compressor Station 167 144 MDt/day  Tier III (Station 180 through East)   0   MDt/day  Leidy at Centerville Regulator Station (Only deliveries downstream of Centerville regulator affected)     100 MDt/day  Linden Regulator Station (Located in Union County, New Jersey)  100 MDt/day  Mobile Bay Lateral        162 MDt/day  The above available interruptible transportation service  refers to deliveries into the affected area that have  receipts upstream of the bottleneck or affected area.  If you have any questions, please call John McGrath at (713)  215-2514 or Donna C. Long at (713) 215-4061.  J. E. McGrath Manager Operations Planning ~J. E. McGrathManagerOperations Planning
Davette,  We need to credit Barry Tycholiz (P # 564185) with 40 hrs extra vacation time.  His offer letter said that he would receive an additional 40 hrs vacation.  He has not yet been credited with the extra hrs.  He should be receiving a total of 160 hrs vacation.  Please let me know when this has been completed.  Thanks, Ben ~Ben
Mary,  Attached is a letter notifying Socal Gas that Enron Administrative Services is no longer the authorized marketer for Jefferson Smurfit Corp & Stone Container Corp.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination ~Kim WardManager, West Gas Origination
Guys,  I have prepared the schedule for September already.  If there are any conflicts that you have please see me on an individual basis.    Thanks,  Bert ~Bert
input~output






























































































input~output
Sean,  Attached is our response to your request for a description of the steps Enron is taking to improve flows to the Griffith power plant.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim ~Kim
The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.  The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-  (i)  Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)    To be forwarded to Louise   These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.    The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.  (ii) Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)      To be forwarded to Faith Killen   First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized) (iii) Seating Plans        Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate  We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.  I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002. (iv) Due Diligence  We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.  I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.  Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.  If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.  Happy New Year  Louise~Louise
Tom:  Buffalo Gap would be just fine.  Bert ~Bert
Will we be acting as agent for Pasadena in January?  Should we turn this contract back?  Let me know what your thoughts are.  Mike~Mike
We are continuing work to ensure our new online trading system, UBSWenergy, is ready for launch on the week of Feb. 11, which is the week following the anticipated Enron/UBS Closing Date of Friday, Feb. 8.  To assist in this process, we are planning an online trading simulation for Thursday, February 7 from  0900 to 1100 (CST). It is planned to include all  traders, originators, mid/back-office staff and IT teams who would normally be involved with electronic trading.  Purpose of the simulation - The simulation will test our "live" trading environment (restricted to internal access only) and will:  Test the integrity and functionality of the system and related processes (including credit, risk, legal, operations, etc.) Provide an opportunity for traders to verify their products and product setup Demonstrate how the trading system and processes work to UBS staff visiting next week  Nature of the simulation - The simulation will include testing of all processes related to trading and mid/back-office functions:  Credit, Legal, Risk, Operations, and other groups: Profile tests for "external" customers (role-played by Originators) Profile tests for internal users (traders, back-office, etc.) Data and Process checking as completed transactions flow through Mid/back-Office systems  Traders and Originators: Traders will be managing their individual books and associated products. Although we may be restricted to certain financial products on launch day, both physical and financial will be available during the simulation. Each trader will be asked to manage their individual position and profitability goals for the simulation. Originators and others will be asked to play the roles of counterparties. Credit limits, etc. will be tested during the simulation.  Information Technology: Will assist in preparing data on the system for the simulation. After the simulation is over, will work with the relevant groups to test the trade-data in various systems and risk books Will ensure all simulation data is removed from the system after the simulation is complete.   Next steps   Traders and Originators will be contacted prior to simulation day to ensure they have appropriate access to the system. Originators will be assigned specific roles. You should expect to receive an email and/or handout on or before Wednesday, Feb. 6. UBSWenergy personnel will be meeting with back office personnel over the next several days to ensure everything is in place for the simulation.   Summary  This simulation is an important step towards re-launching our trading business. We appreciate the participation of everyone involved as we prepare for the public launch of UBS Warburg Energy and the UBSWenergy trading platform.  If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas regarding this simulation, please feel free to contact Bob Shults (30397) or myself (31861).    Regards, Dave Forster 713.853.1861 E-Mail: David.Forster@enron.com ~Dave Forster713.853.1861E-Mail:	David.Forster@enron.com
**For New UBS employees***  I am going to send all of our File Migration compliance forms in one batch, so give them to me when you have signed the Document Migration Certificate. I will be sending this the evening of the 8th.  If you don't know who I am or what this is about, ask Dave Steiner or any of the Admins.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland ~Cara Freeland
Chris,  I put a buy resale deal in Enpower under your book for 274 MW on peak today.  If for some reason it does not relate to you please inform us so we can research it a little bit further.  The deal number is 724362.  Thanks,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
To whom it may concern:  Tags numbered 33079 (5mw) and 33086 (20mw) were cut for a number of hours.    HE 08 and HE 09: Both tags were cut and nobody informed any of the counter parties that the tags were cut until about 25minutes into the last hour of the cuts.  I initially heard of the cuts from Larry @ MEANMN and immediately called each person in the path to inform them of the cut situation.  No action was taken for these two hours.  HE 13: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from APS to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $25.00.  HE 17: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from LADWP to cover the cut and had it delivered to Palo Verde @ a price of $44.00.  Will @ PNM agreed to having the power delivered @ a different location.  HE 18 and HE 19: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from SRP to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $45.00.  HE 20: Tag 33086 was cut to 0 (total of 20mw) steve merriss bought power from El Paso for $45.00.  Steve Merriss input the cut note into the lotus database.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Friends and Co-Workers:  You are hereby cordially invited to a pre-holiday office lunch this Thursday at approximately 11:30 a.m, courtesy of the Trading Attorneys.  LEGAL NOTICE:  Christian Yoder and Steve Hall (hereinafter "we" or "our" or "us" ) intend to pay for the food (which will probably, but not necessarily, be pizza and salad) with post-petition Chapter 11 salary dollars that have already cleared our respective individual bank accounts and, therefore, by joining us in the meal ("Lunch") you will not be exposed to any retroactive claw-back risk by way of the Cash Account Committee.  We are also investigating the possibility of providing a limited quantity of a certain kind of beverage ("Beer") under a provisional waiver of the defunct pre-petition Company's drinking policies, subject to approval by the Estate's Liquor Control Board which is being sought on an expedited basis.         We feel like making this modest holiday gesture for several reasons:   1.  It has been a pleasure working with you all during the past year. 2.  We are optimistic about this office's prospects in the upcoming year. 3.  American Express forgot to cancel our Corporate Cards.  We hope you will join us for a free lunch as we look forward to a prosperous New Year.  Christian and Steve       ~Christian and Steve      
Tom:  If it is not too much trouble, I would prefer to meet downtown.  I now live downtown and currently do not have a car.  If that is not possible, its no big deal, I will just take a cab over to the buffalo gap.  Just let me know...  Bert ~Bert
Mark and Eric,  John Malowney here in the Portland office is trying to assist Louisiana-Pacific in financially hedging their overall gas exposure.  The attached e-mail and spreadsheet outline the basics.  Essentially, he would like to group their plants into 5 or 6 general pricing regions for parsimony.  At this point, we are looking for assistance roughly grouping these plants together.  Obvioulsy, If L-P is interested in this type of hedge, we will be contacting you for further assistance in obtaining quotes.  L-P has made it clear that they wish to deal with only one point-man at Enron and John has that role.  He is currently out of the office, so you should get back to me with any questions or needed clarifications.  Thanks for your assistance.  Please contact me by phone (503.464.8122) or e-mail.  Todd A. Perry~Todd A. Perry
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Dorie, is there a different charge for one day vs the next?  ( you us Canadians, always looking for the deal ).   Barry  ~Barry 
Please be advised that:  A counterparty that wants to terminate a contract needs to send a letter of termination via fax to (713) 646-3227             The termination letter needs to include:   1.) List of contracts being terminated   2.) Calculation of termination payment   3.) Expectation of payments if applicable    A counterparty that unwinds deals does not mean a contract its null and void; the counterparty is still liable for the existing deals governed by the contract  Please forward this on to anyone who needs this information.  Thanks,  Susan *7086 ~Susan*7086
I HAD TO MAKE SOME MINOR ALTERATIONS TO THE SCHEDULES FOR AUGUST AND SEPTEMBER BECAUSE MEIR IS OUT OF TOWN ON SOME OF THE DAYS.  I KNEW OF THIS ONLY AFTER I HAD MADE THE SCHEDULES.  IT AFFECTS ONLY A COUPLE OF MEMBERS IN THE GROUP.  SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.  BERT ~BERT
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim~Kim
Kim, can you call me upon receipt of this e-mail.. I require a confirm to be raised as part of a complicated three way transaction.   Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587.  ~Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587. 
FYI -  The Southwest OASIS website (for PNM, SRP, NEVP, EPE, SMUD, SPP, and LADWP transmission reservations) has given us a new login ID and password. Don Norman is no longer our site administrator; Les Rawson has taken that title. I registered us with two user names and passwords, which are as follows:   Login: rxtime12  Password: epmipower   Login: kxsymes1  Password: realtime  Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this new procedure.  Thanks, Kate ~Kate
For all cuts the following procedures apply...  1.) Notes as usual  2.) In the Enpower Path Confirmation, we need to make cuts as Path Confirms. Enter comments in the confirmed section. We will be zeroing Enpower deals out on Monday (hint: NOTES are VERY important--All CUTS must be notated and the notes must be put in the accordion folders).  3.) Try to have the counterparties continue any paths around us. Just "bow out" gracefully if you have no other options with the words "L - D's."  4.) If we are cut by a generator/utility going into California, we must call the HA desk at California and tell them the increment that we will be underscheduling our load by. For example, EPE will be cutting all schedules going into California on light load (100 mws). If we cannot resupply the schedules we need to tell the state that we are underscheduling our load by 100 mws. THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. We have posted an LC with Cali for this reason.  Also, EPE will be long RT 100 mws off-peak as they are no longer selling to us. 25 mws should be sold to TEP to cover a forward schedule. Stacy has set this up at PV. Please do this as a direct bill with EPE. As of Jan 01, 2002 we will no longer be marketing for EPE. Also, PV#3 will be coming off this weekend, and FC#4 will be down from HE 22 on Saturday through HE 06 on Sunday.  This will probably not be a fun weekend.  I appreciate your help.   Bill ~Bill
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Sorrry I missed  your call.... I am in all day today. Call me back if you need to speak with me.   BT   3-1587. ~BT   3-1587. 
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
We have reached resolution regarding the parking and mass transit issue.  Until notified otherwise, the parking and mass transit subsidy will continue as an employee benefit.   For those who have a payroll parking deduction, your deduction has been stopped.  No deduction should occur on 12/31/01 payroll.  In addition, you should receive a credit for the deduction taken for the 12/15 payroll.    For those who incurred any out-of-pocket parking costs during the month of December, you may expense up to $89 for reimbursement.    Beginning 1/1/02, parking and mass transit will continue as follows:  WTC Parking:  You should receive your parking pass in the mail. Payroll deductions will begin on the 1/15/02 paycheck. (No Action Req'd)  Outside Parking Lots:  Park at lot of your choice and pay out of pocket.  Request reimbursement of up to $89 per month. (No payroll parking deduction will occur)  Tri-Met and MAX employees:  Passes are available for January.  If you would like to pick up your pass, please see Debra Davidson.     NOTE:  Extra Tri-Met passes are available.  If you would like to select mass transit as your parking option, please notify either Grace or myself before Friday, 12/21/01 EOB and we will insure a monthly pass is available.  Validations:  We will no longer validate parking passes, however, you are able to reimburse up to $89 per month for daily parking.  If you have any questions, please let us know!   ENA Human Resources Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404  Grace Rodriguez 503) 464-8321 ~ENA Human ResourcesJulie Kearney503) 464-7404Grace Rodriguez503) 464-8321
Please make sure to check the new schedule for real time for the rest of the month of August.  Due to Ryan becomming the EOL trader for real time...we had to make some adjustments to the schedule.  I tried to make as fair for all as possible.  If you have any concerns please see me to see if there is anything I can do to help.  Also please give me any requests for Sept as I am going to be making it soon.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Realtime group- This occurs when your H drive is not mapped.  To fix the mapping, follow the instructions at:  http://172.17.172.62/rt/tips/mapHdrive.html  Hope this helps!  John Oh Enron North America  503.464.5066 121 SW Salmon Street  503.701.1160 (cell) 3WTC 0306   503.464.3740 (fax) Portland, OR 97204   John.Oh@Enron.com ~John OhEnron North America		503.464.5066121 SW Salmon Street		503.701.1160 (cell)3WTC 0306			503.464.3740 (fax)Portland, OR 97204			John.Oh@Enron.com
For those of you that will be in the office after New Year's, we will begin an informal fundies meeting each day to cover what has happened in the market since we filed for bankruptcy.  We will go over pipeline flows, storage balances, weather, monthly and daily prices, etc. With a few of the Banks showing interest in showing a bid, I thought it would be good for us to begin our preparation to trade the market.  Chris Gaskill will be providing the daily packet and Patti Sullivan will provide the daily operations report.     I was thinking that we should start around 9:30 each morning.  Grigsby~Grigsby
Judy, what is the proper mailing address in Calgary that my supporting documents should be sent to.  Also, should I include a blank cheque to you for payment to the Canadian Taxes or do you want me to wait until we know what the amount is.   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
Tom:  Earlier I wrote that it would be easier for me to meet downtown because I don't have my car.  However, Molly has made an unexpected trip to PA so I have her car.  Meeting @ the Buffalo Gap is not a problem anymore.  Bert ~Bert
I have reviewed the master physical gas agreements for the 10 counterparties (excluding trading companies) at the top of the exposure list to determine whether the contracts contemplate one-way or two-way payments.  1.  Petro Canada Oil & Gas - One Way 2.  Canadian Natural Resources - Two Way 3.  Marathon Canada Limited - One Way 4.  Husky Oil Operations Limited - One Way 5.  Murphy Canada Exploration Company - One Way 6.  Encal Energy Ltd. - One Way 7.  Talisman Energy Inc. - One Way 8.  Premstar Energy Canada Ltd. - Two Way 9.  Rio Alto Exploration Ltd. - One Way 10.  Sunoco Inc. - Two Way  The basic operation of a one way payment provision is that, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position based upon the Early Termination Damages calculation, the Early Termination Damages are deemed to be zero and the non-defaulting party is not required to pay that amount to the defaulting party (the defaulting party's position is wiped out).  However, we would still be entitled, prior to default, to call for collateral where a counterparty's out-of-the money position is in excess of its collateral threshold, which would provide us with security to ensure the counterparty continues to pay.  In addition, if the counterparty failed to post such collateral, they would be in default, we could terminate the contract and, as the non-defaulting party, we would be in a position to realize on our in-the-money position.  If, after we received the collateral, we were then to become insolvent or otherwise default under the master, the counterparty could terminate the contract, our mark-to-market position would be wiped out and we would be required to return any unused collateral.  The operation of a two way payment provision is that the early termination damages are calculated by the non-defaulting party and whoever has a net in-the-money position based upon such calculation is owed the termination payment, regardless of whether such party is the defaulting or non-defaulting party.  In other words, unlike a one way payment, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position upon termination of the contract, the non-defaulting party will be required to pay that amount to the defaulting party.  Therefore, if we were to become insolvent or otherwise default under a master and we had a net in-the-money position under that master, the counterparty could terminate the contract but we would still be owed our mark-to-market position.  The other point to consider in the situation where there is a two way payment provision is that, of the three counterparty masters above that contain two way payments, all three also contain cherry picking language that, upon the occurrence of an event of default other than insolvency, allows the non-defaulting counterparty to pick and choose which transactions to terminate.  In other words, the counterparty need not terminate all transactions, which could effect the amount otherwise owed to the defaulting party.  Even with cherry-picking, upon the occurrence of an insolvency, all transactions are deemed to terminate, so cherry picking would not be a factor.  You had also asked whether the failure by a party to call for collateral when it is entitled to under a contract would have an impact on the ability of such party to collect on a termination payment owed to it upon termination of the contract.  Other than the fact that the failure to call for collateral may mean that we do not hold credit support that would be usable to offset a termination payment owing if the party obligated to pay fails to pay, the right to call for collateral is just that, a right and not an obligation, and the failure to call for collateral does not colour the right of the party owed the termination payment to require it be paid.  Let me know if you need anything further with respect to this matter.  Greg ~Greg
Hi Bertmeister! Good to have you back in the UBS fold. It is also good to hear all is going well for you and Molly. I would look forward to getting together sometime, perhaps for breakfast next Tuesday or Wednesday (2/5 or 2/6). Let me know which works for you.  Tom ~Tom
PAC NW 503-813-5389 PAC SW 503-813-5374 Old number get busy tones Enjoy Leaf ~Leaf
Group,  As of HE2 this morning, our contract with MPC was ended. For the time being, we will no longer be balancing MPC's load.  Also, we can only purchase up to 100 mws from APS transmission. Please do not put wheels in to relieve congestion for over 100 mws. But do check the transmission availability on the website and maximize our ability to relieve congestion with APS in the Southwest. These should be the only congestion wheels that we run.  Also, please use PNM not AEP for any sleeving for EPE.  Thanks,  Bill ~Bill
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim send from my phone ~Kim
Bill:  Please note the following due to the past two days schedules have been wrong in the EPE Schedules in Excel:  Tag number 6181 has been cancelled (50mw to the CISO).  Lending is wrong in the EPE schedules (it is 75mw from PSCO instead of 50mw).  SPS is wrong for HE 08 (it is 130mw instead of 100mw).  I thought you might like to since this is the only income we have currently for real-time and a major screw-up could hurt our relationship.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Bert,  EnronOnline Production Cluster - Use Corp Log In  EnronOnline Stack Manager User ID: bmeyers Password: bmeyers  Please let me know if you have any questions.   Thank you,  Stephanie Sever EnronOnline 713-853-3465 ~Stephanie SeverEnronOnline713-853-3465
Mike, please ensure that as part of the dealer price quote process, we secure a long term quote to establish a MTM on this transaction. The particulars of the structure are.  Est Volume:      5,000 - 50,000 MMbtu/day  Start Date:     June 1, 2003 - May 30, 2020  Delivery Point: El Paso Keystone Pool  Pricing Reference Point:        Gas Dailiy Daily Index Electronic Index Midpoint or the Gas Daily Daily Index Midpoint.    We need the index two way if that is possible.   Thanks, BT ~BT 
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Thanks,Frank ~Frank
Mark, further to our conversation... Mercado transacted with Enron North America under the terms and conditions of a financial transaction and these transactions have been or will be settled financially, however these transactions could have been set up as physical.  The structure of the transaction changes as a result of a few variables, including the price,day of cash settlement, and curtailment issues on San Jan deliveries which would then automatically convert the fixed price portion to 100% load factor and settlement would be on 100% of the volume regardless as to what physically flowed.   Please call me if there are any questions regarding this note.     Barry  Tycholiz Vice President, Enron North America~Barry  TycholizVice President, Enron North America
Please attend the subject meeting in at 9:00 AM on Wednesday, 12/19 in ECS 06716 (next to the credit war room).  Invite anyone you think needs to be there.  If you have any questions, please ask. Regards, Ed ~Ed
To Whom it may concern:  Tag 23841 was cut by 50 MW for HE 01 and HE 02.  Wally @ NEVP said he heard of the cut @ 23:30 on 06/27/01 but he neglected to call us and tell us about the cut.  The reason for the cut was PAC non-firm tranny being cut that PSCO bought.  However they sold us a firm product.  PNM didn't know about the cut either until their reliability person told them they were pushing power on the grid (Approx. time of notification 01:20).  We booked out with PSCO and PNM for HE 01 and HE 02 on the 4C345 part of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  For HE 03 25 MW was cut and we booked out with PSCO and PNM on the 4C345 piece of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  PSCO resupplied the power for HE 03 from SRP @ Mead 230.   The same thing happened for HE 06 as HE 03.  SRP resupplied  the power for HE 06.  I bought back for HE 06 from PSCO @ 4C345 and resold the power to SRP.  The deals are in the RT Inc. sheet for the 28th of June.  After the fact, I spoke with Ryan @ PSCO and he agreed to be billed liquidated damages for HE 01 and HE 02 on the MEAD 230 part of the transaction (06:00 on Kate Symes Phone).   Please Call with question,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Thanks for your interest in the Assistant Trader positions.  We have had sixteen people express interest in this role.  Based on the criteria listed below, you have been selected to be interviewed for this role.  Been in a trading or scheduling position for at least one year. Consistently received high performance ratings through the PRC process. Has consistently pursued a trading role as a career objective.  We are hoping to hold interviews during the next two days and make our decision by the end of the week.  The interviews will be conducted by members of the trading team.  Please send me an e-mail to let me know when you WON'T be available during the next few days.  You will be going through three separate half hour interviews with Crandall/Scholtes, Richter/Mallory, and Belden/Swerzbin.  Thanks.  Regards, Tim via mobile ~Tim
Welcome to UBS Warburg Energy, LLC  All UBS Warburg Energy, LLC employees are invited to join us for breakfast and happy hour on  Friday, February 8, 2002.  Breakfast, 8:15 a.m., here on the 3rd floor.  Happy Hour, 3:00 p.m., appetizers and drinks (2), Fernando's Hideaway, 824 SW First Avenue (upstairs)   We hope you will join us! Chris and Tim ~Chris and Tim
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:  TODAY I BOUGHT TRANNY FROM APS FOR THE FOLLOWING HOURS AND IN THE FOLLOWING AMOUNTS FROM PALO VERDE TO FOUR CORNERS 345:  HE 01:  15MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26810  HE 02:  47MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26812  HE 03:  20MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26813             50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26814--PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WAS A MISTAKE BUT I REALIZED IT TOO LATE TO TAKE THE SCHEDULE TO ZERO.   HE 04:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26816  HE 06:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26817   PLEASE CALL ME WITH ANY QUESTION--503-880-5315  REGARDS,  BERT MEYERS ~BERT MEYERS
To Whom this may concern:  Please note that Colstrip tripped @ approx. 13:20 today.  I picked up tranny from BPA (Mid-C to MPC SYS) for 62 MW.  The first hour of the cut was an integrated number of 41MW.  After Starting HE 15 on the cut was for the full 62 MW each hour.  The deal numbers affected by this cut were reduced by the appropriate amount (711291 and 709803) and new deals were made to correct enpower.  These new deals are 714148 and 714150.  If you have any questions please see me.  My number @ the real time desk is 1-800-684-1336.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Is exclusively gas.   Can you add to your list?  ($13 mm)  Thanks,  David ~David
Here's the draft that we discussed on Friday morning. Please take a look at it and let me know what you think (Jim is on vacation in New York this week). We've kept it brief. We put the upstream capacity in here in case you had achieved any further clarity on the disposition of those contracts, but it should be easy to remove if needed. We also changed from a two-month term to a three-month term because in the event that neither of us terminates the contracts by Feb. 15, we could then extend this agreement if we desired and not end up trying to sell the awkward block of March/April. Please let me know if you have any questions, and I look forward to discussing the draft. Thanks, and talk to you soon.   <<enron revised dec 17__.doc>>   Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com 503-833-4350 ~Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com503-833-4350
Tag number 25430 was cut for HE 19 by 3 MW.  This was a buy from LV Cogen and a sell to SRP.  I resupplied the power from EPEC in the hour from El Paso Electric for $50 and gave it to SRP @ Palo Verde.  I spoke to Mike @ SRP for this deal and he agreed. In enpower I have made deals for a buy from EPE and a sell to LV Cogen under the ST West Services Book.  The deals are 666355 and 66356.  If you have any question please give me a call on the West short term services desk.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
            FT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.3771        1.9463     2.7347   Zone 5                2.4353        1.9961     2.7998   Zone 6                2.4823        2.0363     2.8524      IT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4178        1.9870     2.7754   Zone 5                2.6210        2.1818     2.9855   Zone 6                2.7765        2.3305     3.1466     FTG                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4449        2.0141     2.8025   Zone 5                2.7448        2.3056     3.1093                           AVG.          BUY        SELL                         ------        ------     ------   FTNT                  2.3820        1.9600     2.7200   For information concerning cash out transactions, please contact Casilda Vasquez at (713)215-4504.  Thanks, Stella Yu Manager - Rate Systems (713)215-3381 ~Stella YuManager - Rate Systems(713)215-3381
Barry, what did you do to the company!?  Listen, sorry to hear about the  problems at ENRON.  What a strange turn of events.  It is pretty bizarre  after 10 years of ENRON being the model for other companies on how to  succeed in the energy industry. What's your take on why it happened?  We get  a little bit of news down here but we're a little out of touch.  How are you taking it?  Are you pissed? Do you feel like you squeezed pretty  much what you wanted out of the job? What's the next thing for Barry Tic?   Well, like all of life's curve-balls there is always something sweet in the  next pitch you get (jeez, how sappy is that!).  Anyway, hope you're taking  it all with the good nature you always do.  Hey, maybe this will give you the chance to take a holiday in Ecuador  (Christmas turkey at our house this year?).  Say hi to Kim for us, drop me a  line as soon as you can (a better address to reach me is craigh@ph.com.ec).   Sorry I haven't sent a note before this but you know we are always rooting  for you.  Your pal, Craig. ~Craig.
Your EnronOnline user ID and password is noted below.  To reach the EnronOnline web site, please use: www.enrononline.com <http://www.enrononline.com>.   User ID: EOL59876 Password: WELCOME!   Please note that the User ID and password will need to be in upper case.  Please contact the EnronOnline helpdesk if you have any questions or problems getting into the system.  Helpdesk# 713-853-4357  Thanks, Cecil John X3-6259 ~Cecil JohnX3-6259
Barry,  How are you? Just want to say hi. It must be a very hectic week and stressful. With the talents of people at Enron such as yourself being the major asset of the company, the industry recognizes that fact. I am sure that you will do well. In the mean time, hold tight, pray, and have faith.   Keep in touch.   Joseph Cheung send from my phone ~Joseph Cheung
Mr. Meyers-  I received your request from eHR.com this morning. Please let me know what kinds of information you would like so I can best direct your request. Thank you very much.  ________________________________________ Gary Hewitt Web Content Manager Watson Wyatt Worldwide 1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006 tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953 gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com ~Gary HewittWeb Content ManagerWatson Wyatt Worldwide1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com
This message is only relevant for those going to UBS.  When exporting your EMAIL messages listed in the instructions or via the Outlook Export utility, attachments WILL NOT BE SAVED! There will be a better solution to exporting your Email messages and all your attachments emailed later today.  Thank you, John Oh via mobile ~John Oh
Donald,  Ralph from the Alberta Power Pool called to review tag #22872.  He is wondering if this tag should run both this sunday and the next sunday.  If you could please check it out when you have some time on Monday for the following week he would certainly appreciate it.  If there is no problem with the tag then he said not to bother.  The main issue is that the schedule will flow for this weekend.    Any questions please give me a call.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Tom:  I would be delighted to meet with you over breakfast.  I am available for both of the times you suggested, just name the time and the place.  Regards,  Bert ~Bert
Hi. Just thought I'd see how you were holding up in light of the circumstances. Planning on coming back to the great white north for Xmas? Give us a call sometime. Bryn ~Bryn
Following is an email I have sent to my group, outlining a process to ensure everyone is on board and nothing falls through the cracks.  David ~David
Bill:  Last night as I was trying to log onto the ADS machine I kept getting a server error.  You will probably want to let one of the IT guys know of this problem  Bert ~Bert
Thanks to each of you who help in the review process yesterday.  As many of you know, we found that several of the contracts that we reviewed did reconcile with the Total Exposure (in other words, the agreements were not the right ones).  Eric Moon and Russell Diamond are working with IT, Credit and Risk to access deal specific information in a way that will let us link deal numbers to contract numbers.  Thereafter we can get the right agreements and finish the process.  I will update you later today on the status.  If you have any questions, please ask. Ed ~Ed
God Bless America. If anyone uses one of these moves please report back to me with your results.  I will attempt the Shanghai Shampoo on my date tonight.  HOW TO IMPRESS YOUR GIRLFRIEND These are techniques that have been sent to me by various Bunthaus heads. I want to again stress that in no way do we condone the techniques listed here or practice these. Except maybe the Turkey Shoot and the Rear Admiral. And definitely the Spicey Stanley. Here is a fairly extensive compilation of some of the extraordinary sexual activities that can be performed by men:  1. Tea bag - As you are sitting on a girl's face, repeatedly dip your scrotum in and out of her mouth, similar to a tea bag in a cup of hot water. An old favorite.  2. Hot Lunch - While receiving head from a woman, you shit on her chest. (a.k.a. the Cleveland Steamer) 3. The Stranger - Sitting on your hand until it falls asleep and then jerking off, eliciting the feeling of a hand job from someone else. 4. Donkey Punch - Banging a girl doggy style and then moments before you cum, sticking your dick in her ass, and then punching her in the back of the head. This gives a tremendous sensation, but for it to work correctly, the girl must be knocked out so that her asshole tightens up. 5. Golden Shower - Any form of peeing on a girl. (aka: watersports) 6. Pearl Necklace - Well known. Whenever you cum on the neck/cleavage area of a girl, it takes on the look of beautiful jewelry. 7. Coyote - This occurs when you wake up in the room of a nasty skank and you know you've got to give her the slip. However, you realize that your arm is wrapped around her. Therefore, you must gnaw off your own arm to get out of this situation. Can be very painful. 8. Purple Mushroom - This occurs when a woman is giving you oral sex and you withdraw your penis in order to poke it back into her cheek. It should leave a lasting impression similar to a purple mushroom. 9. The Flying Camel - A personal favorite. As she is lying on her back and you are hammering her from your knees, you carefully balance yourself without using your arms to prop yourself up. You then to flap your arms and let out a long, shrieking howl. Strictly a class move.  10. Double Fishhook - From the doggy-style position, you hook your pinky fingers in her mouth and pull back to achieve deeper penetration. 11. The Ram - Again, you're attacking from behind, when you start ramming her head against the wall in a rhythmic motion. The force of the wall should allow for deeper penetration. Very handy for those lulls in penile sensitivity. 12. Dog in a Bathtub - This is the proper name for when you attempt to insert your nuts into a girl's ass. It is so named because it can be just as hard as keeping a dog in the tub while giving it a bath. 13. The Bronco - Back to reality with this classic. You start by going doggy style and then just when she is really enjoying it, you grab onto her tits as tightly as possible and yell another girl's name. This gives you the feeling of riding a bronco as she tries to buck you off.  14. Pink Glove - This frequently happens during sex when a girl is not wet enough. When you pull out to give her the money, the inside of her twat sticks to your hog. Thus, the pink glove. 15. The Fountain of You - While sitting on her face and having her eat your ass, jerk off like a madman. Build up as much pressure as possible before releasing, spewing like a venerable geyser all over her face, neck and tits. (Better in her bed)  16. New York Style Taco - Anytime when you are so drunk that when you go down on her, you puke on her box. Happy trails! 17. Dirty Sanchez - While banging a girl doggy style, quickly stick 2 fingers deep into her starfish, then reach around and wipe the residue on her upper lip, providing her a mustache. 18. Western Grip - When jerking off, turn your hand around, so that your thumb is facing towards you. It is the same grip that rodeo folks use; hence, western.  19. The Blumpkin - You need to find a real tramp to do this right. It involves having her suck you off while you're on the shitter. 20. The Bismark - Another one involving oral sex. Right before you are about to spew, pull out and shoot all over her face. Follow that with a punch and smear the blood and jism together. 21. Jelly Doughnut - A derivation of the Bismark. All you have to do is punch her in the nose while you are getting head.  22. Woody Woodpecker - While a chick is sucking on your balls, repeatedly tap the head of your cock on her forehead. 23. Tossing salad - Well known by now. A prison act where one person is forced to chow starfish with the help of whatever condiments are available, i.e. Jello, jism, etc 24. The Fish Eye - Working from behind, you shove your finger in her pooper. Thereupon, she turns around in a one-eyed winking motion to see what the hell you are doing. 25. Tuna Melt - You're down on a chick, lapping away, and you discover that it's her time of the month. By no means do you stop though. When the whale spews, tartar sauce with a hint of raspberry smothers your face.  26. The Fur Ball - You're chomping away at some mighty Zena who has a mane between her legs the size of Lionel Richie's afro, when a mammoth fur ball gets lodged in your throat. You punch her.  27. The Chili Dog - You take a dump on the girl's chest and then titty fuck her. 28. Gaylord Perry - Going to only one knuckle during an anal probe is for wimps. Make this famous knuckle-ball pitcher proud and use multiple digits on that virgin corn hole. A minimum of 2 knuckles required (either on one finger or on multiple).  29. The Rear Admiral - An absolute blast. When getting a chick from behind (with both partners standing), make sure you don't let her grab onto anything when she is bent over. Then, drive your hips into her backside so that the momentum pushes her forward. The goal is to push her into a wall or table, or have her trip and fall on her face. You attain the status of Admiral when you can push her around the room without crashing into anything and not using your hands to grab onto her hips. 30. Glass Bottom Boat - Putting saran wrap over the skank's face and taking a dump. 31. Ray Bans - Put your nuts over her eye sockets while getting head. You're can is on her forehead. Yes, it may be anatomically impossible, but it is definitely worth a try.  32. The Snowmobile - When plugging a girl while she's on all fours, reach around and sweep out her arms so she falls on her face.  33. The Dutch Oven - Also well known. Whenever you fart while humping, pull the covers over her head. Don't let her out until all movement ceases.  34. Smoking Pole - Self Explanatory. Don't use fire. 35. Rusty Trombone - Getting the reacharound while getting your salad tossed. Also known as milking the prostate. 36. Turkey Shoot - When you're coming, come on her face and let it drip off her chin so it looks like that red shit on the turkey's chin. 37. Stovepiping - Taking it in the Tush. 38. Rusty Anchor - After a healthy term of the Stovepiping, the recipient gets to enjoy a good fudgesicle. 39. Sandpiper - A stovepiping on the local beach, desert, or playground sandbox. Also known as the Sandblast.  40. Lucky Pierre - the middle man in a three way buttfuck. Also known as the french sandwich. UPDATED!!!! NEW LISTINGS!!!! 41.Divortex- A mystical place into which old friends are sucked when a married couple splits up. 42.Blump- To suck someone's dick while they are taking a dump. 43.Bustard- A very rude bus driver. 44.Cold Faithful- Blowing your visibly-steaming load outside in the winter-time, like when you get your cock sucked on a ski-lift. 45.Grand pappy smash- To beat your meat so hardcore that it starts to chafe and bleed. 46.Esplanade- To attempt an explanation while drunk. 47.Flatulence- The emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller.  48.Butt Rodeo- When you're going at it with a girl, you flip her over real fast, start ramming her in the ass and yell as loud as possible "BUTT RODEO!" You then see how long you can ride her till she tosses ya off! 49.Bargoyle- The hideous old hair-spray hag who seems to live at your local watering hole. She usually smokes endlessly, spends hundreds of dollars a night on video-poker, and makes sexually threatening comments to frightened college freshmen. 50.Pasteurize- Once you get her hairy bush pasteurize, you got it licked! 51.Beerelevant- A point which does not seem to be particularly important, given enough beer 52.Mangry- Describing the anger of women who are angry at men, specifically. "She's such a bitch, she's just plain mangry." 53.Clitourist- A man who won't stop and ask for directions in bed. ie: "Because of his fouled foreplay, Suzy realized that her new boyfriend was no experienced bedroom traveler, but merely a clitourist."  54.Stuffucking- The act of "stuffing in" your limp, helpless member in hopes of getting it up. Potential causes: you're too drunk or she's too ugly. (see also; Fugly) 55.Antlers- Wide, flat, flapjack titties that come to a sharp point at the nipples. 56.The Kangmin - while a girl is reciting bad poetry, you take her from behind.  57.The Flaming Amazon- This one's for all you pyromaniacs out there. When you're screwing some chick, right when your about to cum, pull out and quickly grab the nearest lighter and set her pubes on fire, then extinguish the flames with your jizz! 58.The Screwnicorn -When a dyke puts her strap-on dildo on her forehead and proceeds to go at her partner like a crazed unicorn. 59.Split pissonality -When you're taking a leak and you get two streams out of the one hole!  60.A Short in the Cord- A "code" phrase used by the common man to refer to Testicular Tendon Tangle Syndrome. Ex. "Oh fuck! My nuts are killing me... I think I've got a short in the cord."  61.Old Jism Trail -The stream of semen oozing down the chin and chest of someone who has just finished fellating a senior citizen. 62.Abdicate -To give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach.  63.Lymph -To walk with a lisp.  64.Anal Boot- An anal boot is when you take a pitcher of beer, everyone spits in it, someone stirs it with their cock and then the mixture is poured through the crack of a man ass into the waiting mouth of the loser of a bet or drinking game.  65.Australian Death Grip- The act of grabbing a woman by the haunches/crotch and staring deeply into her eyes until you're slapped or kissed. A recommended tactic for very crowded bars. Another great opportunity for wagering among friends. 66.Fumilingus -When a man (or woman) performs cunnilingus on a woman and she farts directly in his/her face.  67.Intoxicourse- Having sexual intercourse whilst piss-drunk. 68.Valsalva -The act of pinching shut (with thumb and forefinger) a woman's nose while receiving fellatio; most effective when employed just prior to the release point due to the gag reflex and ensuing swallow that the woman is forced to do to continue breathing. A great first date ploy, as it sets the stage for what the rules of engagement will be going forward. 69.Insta-gasm -Pre-mature ejaculation at the sight of a beautiful woman. ie: "She was so fine, I had an insta-gasm before I could get her clothes off!" 70.Manual Deconstipation -This is where you get out the hand cream and go in manually for the hammerhead by breaking it into smaller chunks and pulling it out a piece at a time. 71.Post Poodum Syndrome -The feeling of depression felt after successful removal of a hammerhead. The excitement has passed, and you must now find something else to occupy your time. 72.The Homolic Maneuver -Using your penis to dislodge an object blocking a choking victim's windpipe.  73.Pegging - having a female take you in the rear with a strap on.  74. The UnderDog - after a hard session at the gym, your armpit muscle begins to twitch; thus giving you the ability to jerk a guy off with your armpit muscle.  75. The Twinkler - when you are 69ing a girl and you shove your dick into mouth hard, and you watch her a-hole "twinkle" as she gags.  76. Angry dragon - This involves the girl giving the guy head and as he is about to cum slapping the girl on the back of the head causing the cum to come out her nose. Great care should be used to not slap her mouth shut. 77. Tony Danza - a takeoff of the donkey punch is called the Tony Danza. When you are about to cum while doing a girl from behind, you say "who's the boss?" and stick it in her ass. Before she says anything you shout "TONY DANZA!" and punch her in the back of the head. 78. Alaskan firedragon - another good take off is one of the angry dragon that is called the alaskan firedragon. When a girl is giving you a blowjob, cum in her mouth unexpectedly and plug up her mouth at the same time. Then whisper in her ear "i have syphilis" so she spews it out her nose. 79. The Walrus - when she's giving u a blowjob and u cum in her mouth unexpectadly, cover up her mouth and punch her in the stomach.  80. The Fat Lip - If you get poison ivy and finger a girl, her labia lips will swell. A la, the fat lip. 81. Sleeping Bag - If you're going down on a really fat girl, you pull her enormous stomach roll of fat over your head. 82. Hummer Bird - when a girl is giving a guy a hummer, and he's enjoying it, she bites on his bird.  83. Bloody Mary - when a drunk guy is going down on a girl and without even realizing it after he's done, he realizes Mary was very Bloody 84. The Houdini - this maneuver is accomplished while going at it doggy style. As you feel you are about to cum, you pull out and spit on the small of her back (making her think you've finished...). It's at the point when she turns around when *BAM!* You bust your load in her face (in the eye if you've got proper aiming techniques down.) Also known as the Doug Hennings and the David Copperfield. 85. Upperdecking - This one takes practice. This maneuver requires a toilet with a tank above it, like the ones in most homes. Instead of crapping in the bowl, you shit in the tank (i.e. upperdecking). Now don't flush. When the following victim flushes, the rancid waste fills the bowl. If you play your cards right, it may ferment  86. Journey into darkness - This is the most disturbing of all. It entails shitting into another person's asshole. Not for beginners. 87. Rocky Balboa - dont shower for 2 weeks, then diarrhea down her throat at any point during sexual contact. 88. Rocky Balboa Title Punch - same as the Rocky Balboa, but in that non-showering 2 weeks all you eat is corn.  I don't usually do this, but I have to give credit to Sascha and Zach for the next 2. I'm only doing this because they are my bosses kids...  89. The McDonald's Quick Draw - Get your girlfriend to talk dirty into the intercom, making the order guy start to beat off. Then while pulling up to the window, have her give you falatio till you are about to blow your beefy chunk-load. Upon pulling up to the window, tell your girl friend to yell "Draw!". Then on "three", both you and the guy blow your loads either on her or eachother. 90. Uncle Jemima - the typical dirty chef at your local Denny's or other low-class food establishment who occasionally becomes disgruntled, and takes out his frustration on your meal, via "the ass wipe" or the "French Toast Strut" seen in Road Trip.  91. Airtight - this is where a girl has a cock in each of her three holes, hence, airtight. 92. The Throne of Lightning - This is done by fucking a girl while you shit in a toilet. When you're going to blow your load, turn her over and dunk her head in the toilet, while she's bobbing for your turd plummet a river of semen in her ass. Not to be confused with "Ride the Lightning," a Metallica album 93. Abe Lincoln - You're getting a girl up the ass and give her a swift donkey punch to the back of her head, knocking her unconscious. You then turn her around and jerk off and blow your load all over her face. Then you shave her beaver and take the clippings and spread it where you jizzed on her, making a beard that looks like good ol Honest Abe's.  94. Thanksgiving - Just like the holiday, Thanksgiving is when you do a girl and then she puts her two big butt cheeks on your face like holiday hams. An overcooked thanksgiving is similar to this but instead of just putting the cheeks on your head she farts on it too.  95. PEUM - An acronym coined by a group of drunk assholes that defines the annoying (and uncontrollable) tendency to piss in multiple directions after a raucous fuck: Post-Ejaculatory Urinary Misfire.  96. The Beverly Hills Whiffer -This move is restricted to those women who think they're God's gift to the world. Find a woman of the above description. Take her home and start doggie styling her. When you're about to blow, corkscrew two fingers into her ass, scraping as much shit as you can from her. Pull out your fingers, reach around her head to stick one finger in each nostril. Pull her head back so she can see you while you yell "So, you think your shit don't stink now ?!"  97. Shanghai Shampoo - Fuck a chick until you've built up a load large enough to paint a room. Blow it all in her hair, rub it in thoroughly. When it dries it will resemble the crunchy noodles often served with chop suey.  98 . Frosting the Cake - When you are about to cum, blow a load all over her chest. Then take your dick and evenly spread the Jism around the breasts and over the nipples. Then stick some candles on it and start singing "Happy Birthday." Then blow out the candles  99. Spicey Stanley - When a girl takes hot sauce and pours it on your cock. She then proceeds to give you a blowjob, making sure all of the hot sauce is gone.   Pete Mehok NaviStaff, Inc. Technical Recruiter 332 Springfield Ave Suite 210 Summit, NJ 07901 pm@navistaff.com p:908.273.6960 Ext. 104 f:908.273.6940 www.navistaff.com ~Pete MehokNaviStaff, Inc.Technical Recruiter332 Springfield Ave Suite 210Summit, NJ 07901pm@navistaff.comp:908.273.6960 Ext. 104f:908.273.6940www.navistaff.com
Leaf,  Lisa Gang wanted me to tell the night shift that tag # 25883 is not a good tag.  We tried to cancel it but for some reason WALC denied our cancel request.  Cara already spoke to Leon @ PAC regarding this issue.  The reason this tag is not a good tag is the tranny request was duplicated in another tag (25825) which is a good tag.  If you have any questions please call Cara on her cell phone.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Barry,  Here are our financial products for EOL that we would like to appear on the screen on Monday, as requested by John Zufferli. Call me if you have any questions    Stephane x6721 ~Stephanex6721
Mary,   Attached is a letter providing notification of our cancellation as authorized market for the city of Pasadena.  Please let me know if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim Ward ~Kim Ward
I have completed the organizer... I have also sent to you today my information for filing purposes. Call and let me know what else you need.  Barry  ~Barry 
Enron employees not participating in contract parking are eligible to receive Metro Bus Passes or Woodlands Express Passes.  You may pick up a bus pass from the Parking & Transportation Desk, on Level 3 of the Enron Building, from 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM.    All Metro passes offered through the Enron Parking & Transportation desk will be the Metro 30 Day Zone Pass.  When you use a 30-day zone pass, bus service is divided into four zones w/ unlimited rides.  The zone pass is time activated, which means that it will not become active until the first time it is used and will not expire until 30 days after it was used for the first time.  New passes will be available to Enron employees upon expiration of the 30 day time period. Each zone does have a different fare values based on the distance the bus travels. This is important to any buser who wants to transfer to or travel in a higher-cost zone than the zone pass they have, in this case the difference must be paid in cash.  If they are traveling in a lower cost zone, then there is no extra cost.    Parking & Transportation Desk 3-7060 ~Parking & Transportation Desk3-7060
As some of you might already know, I resigned today.  I feel fortunate and blessed to have had this experience here at Enron.  Not only have I learned a tremendous amount, but I also have met some very talented and unique people.  I am not 100% sure what I will do at this point, but I will probably be heading up to NYC in January.  I feel sad to end this chapter, yet excited as I begin a new one in my life.    As always, it has been a pleasure working with you!  Keep in touch.  I will be interested to see what happens.  Carole C. Frank Enron Net Works  713.345.3960 work 713.446.9307 cell 713.467.3860 home carole_frank@excite.com ~Carole C. FrankEnron Net Works713.345.3960 work713.446.9307 cell713.467.3860 homecarole_frank@excite.com
Here is the list of gas and power products we would like to see on the screen.     Call me if you have any questions Stephane Brodeur (403) 974-6721 ~Stephane Brodeur(403) 974-6721
Group,  There are two new paths for EPE information.  The first is for EPE schedules: This path is P:/Trading/Real Time/El Paso Schedules/Admin/El Paso Schedules/2002/Feb02/EPE_FEB_02  The second is for the EPE models: M:/Electric/EPE/EPE 2002/Models/February02/...  The estate will be settling CAPS each day (creating DA and HA finals) beginning on Friday.   Please work closely with John and Dave to get all problems resolved as quickly as possible.  Thanks, Bill ~Bill
Les,  FYI, LV COGEN went off line @ 15:00.  We called SRP to inform them of the cut and Vanessa said she sees the schedule as unit contingent so she agreed to go to zero on the schedule.  Bert ~Bert
Greetings Steve:  We have had many inquiries regarding our transportation agreements, specifically PGT, Kern River and El Paso.    Most pressing is PGT's request to market capacity on our behalf. Although I do not believe we need to have PGT perform this function, I do believe we could mitigate some demand charge exposure for "the estate".    Are you available to meet with Barry and I first thing tomorrow morning? We need to have an answer for PGT's request. We need to know what the contractual rights are for 1) the pipeline when a shipper declares bankruptcy and 2) our ability to mitigate demand charge exposure by releasing capacity on a short term basis (month at a time?).  Better yet, can we unilaterally turn capacity back to any of these pipes or do we need to reach some type of court approved settlement?  Obviously, we have many questions. Please advise of your ability to meet ASAP.  Thanks,  Stephanie   ~Stephanie
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
Barry, attached is a copy of one of our latest fundamentals packages.  Dean~Dean
Ryan:  Please be aware that on the days of the 14, 15, and 16 of July.  I need to help my wife pack and unpack for our move to downtown Portland.  Any consideration you can arrange will be greatly appreciated.    Give me a call with any questions or concerns  Bert ~Bert
FYI -  All trades done on behalf of El Paso will now be directly billed by El Paso. This means three things for us:  1. Format of the model stays the same.  2. Deals do not go into Enpower. 3. "Counterparty" in the model must show the billing counterparty only (to simplify Kathy's settlement process).  *Per El Paso, please try to market their power through SRP, PNM, PAC, and LADWP only.* These are the counterparties El Paso has contacted regarding our new arrangement.   Please let me know if you have questions.  Thanks,  Kate ~Kate
Please find attached a draft agreement for the purchase of EPMI's position with Santa Clara.   Peter Meier~Peter Meier
I had a problem with CAPS again (profile error).  Last time you said that is was a problem with the mapping of the H: drive.  Login:  janders3  JohnAnderson Realtime ~JohnAndersonRealtime
I hope you had a Merry Christmas.  We are having a great time.  Lucci and I are working with Ed Mc Michael on selling of the storage today.  If you need me call me on my cellphone or email me.   Take care,   Mark~Mark
Dave, I don't know if you received this original message or not.... we will cancel today's meeting. If you need to reach me, call in...   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
This may be too early, but just in case....I will save the good-byes until they become absolutely necessary.  Could I have your outside e-mails and possibly your phone #'s?  If you feel uncomfortable giving these to me, that is o.k.  The following is my information.   Carole C. Frank carole_frank@excite.com 713.446.9307 cell 713-467-3860 home send from my phone ~Carole C. Frankcarole_frank@excite.com713.446.9307 cell713-467-3860 home
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Frank ~Frank
I checke our Historical Caps for these deals and i am certain that we bought from and sold to Reliant (NES1) for hour ending 11.  If this were not the case we would have failed phase 2 with the ISO.  I am searching my notes for the price and whom I spoke with at Reliant.  Regards,   Bert  ~Regards, Bert 
We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco.  So far, we have primarily focussed on the mid/back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors.  Several plans are in the final stages of completion including:-  + Infrastructure  Jenny Rub + Development  Jay Webb + EnronOnline  Webb / Forster + HR   David Oxley + Cash Management Tom Myers + Credit   Debbie Brackett  The rest will be completed shortly.  We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus. John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration"  plans by January 7th, 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups.  The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible.  I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help.  Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually.  Customer Side  + Customers  Phase  1 - First Week (eg top 10)     Phase  2 - First Month (eg top 50)     Phase  3 - First Quarter (eg top 100) + Action Plan  Phase  1 Customers     Phase  2 Customers     Phase  3 Customers + Contracts by customers (pre-prepared with credit terms etc) + Customer visit schedule  Product Side + List of Products Phase 1 - First Week     Phase 2 - First Month     Phase 3 - First Quarter  Target Number of Transactions + Phase 1 + Phase 2 + Phase 3  IT transfer   Louise~Louise
Barry,  Wuold you please send an email to Diana Willigerod (cc:'ed above) authorizing her to provide me with a secon screen for EOL.   Thanks,  Dave ~Dave
Bill:  For yet another day we seem to be having problems including all the schedules in our EPE schedule sheet.  Tag 52159 was not included (25mw schedule to LADWP).  I think part of the problem is some counterparties are not including EPMIWE as a PSE.  Fortunately, the dispatchers had the schedule and informed me of the problem.  I then called LADWP and WESCO to checkout with them.  If this did not happen we wouldn't have known what the deal was.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Bert ~Bert
Kathy:  Please find the enclosed epe model for 01/25/02:      Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Amy,  Please note that I would like to interview for the trader assistant positions for both the cash desk and the term desk.  Bert Meyers Portland WSCC Real Time Desk 503-880-5315 ~Bert MeyersPortland WSCC Real Time Desk503-880-5315
Barry, hope that you had a great Christmas.  Just wanted to touch base. I am continuing to handle some issues from home on KeySpan and some Florida contracts.  I am not scheduled back until Jan 3.  Let me know if I can do anything.  Frank -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Hafrank vickers~Frank
Good Afternoon FSP users,  We have just finished a comprehensive FSP rebuild & testing phase for the next release of FSP.  The rebuild should address all the issues raised in the previous go-live as well as some additional capabilities for robustness.  Please note that we have already executed several hundred different test case scenarios & performed some stress testing using data before the Enron collapse.  What we need now is help from you to continue to identify enhancements and/or bugs with FSP so that we can go-live with FSP once the new company starts trading.  Susan Amador will be available to help in any testing.  You should probably also coordinate with her when you are about to start testing so that our continuing testing doesn't interfere with your testing.  PWRTESTN & PWRTESTP should be all setup for your use.  Here are some of the bug fixes & enhancements we have rolled-out with this latest release: 1.  Bid Curve - Ability to bid on zero volumes (for import, export, and wheels) 2.  Rebuild of all FSP application utilizing Direct Oracle Access components for faster database access & higher reliability. 3.  Bug Fixes on database commits to eliminate database "deadlocks". 4.  New aggregation scout to "stream-line" the template writing process & improve template writing performance. 5.  SQL tuned "Hour Ahead" template writing.  Confirmed performance of 1min 30 seconds on heavy transaction volume days. 6.  And many other small previously unidentified bugs.  We are very excited about this newest release and are looking forward to your feedback over the next couple of days.  Susan will probably be your best contact but please feel free to contact me at anytime.  Thanks,  TDavid Poston # 713-345-7834 ~TDavid Poston# 713-345-7834
Mark and Scott,  Attached is a letter that covers the inventory transfer.  If it's a go please revise as necessary sign and fax.  Thanks.  Jim Griffin Manager, Gas Transmission Marketing Montana Power Company 40 East Broadway Butte, MT  59701 Phone:  406-497-2806 Fax:      406-497-2054 Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> ~Jim GriffinManager, Gas Transmission MarketingMontana Power Company40 East BroadwayButte, MT  59701Phone:  406-497-2806Fax:      406-497-2054Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> 
The available interruptible transportation service (IT and  secondary FT) on Transco for pipeline day Monday, December 24, 2001 and continuing until further notice is summarized as follows:  Tier I and Tier II (only Sta. 90 through Sta. 180 affected)     0   MDt/day  South Virginia Lateral Compressor Station 167 144 MDt/day  Tier III (Station 180 through East)   0   MDt/day  Leidy at Centerville Regulator Station (Only deliveries downstream of Centerville regulator affected)     100 MDt/day  Linden Regulator Station (Located in Union County, New Jersey)  100 MDt/day  Mobile Bay Lateral        162 MDt/day  The above available interruptible transportation service  refers to deliveries into the affected area that have  receipts upstream of the bottleneck or affected area.  If you have any questions, please call John McGrath at (713)  215-2514 or Donna C. Long at (713) 215-4061.  J. E. McGrath Manager Operations Planning ~J. E. McGrathManagerOperations Planning
Davette,  We need to credit Barry Tycholiz (P # 564185) with 40 hrs extra vacation time.  His offer letter said that he would receive an additional 40 hrs vacation.  He has not yet been credited with the extra hrs.  He should be receiving a total of 160 hrs vacation.  Please let me know when this has been completed.  Thanks, Ben ~Ben
Mary,  Attached is a letter notifying Socal Gas that Enron Administrative Services is no longer the authorized marketer for Jefferson Smurfit Corp & Stone Container Corp.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination ~Kim WardManager, West Gas Origination
Guys,  I have prepared the schedule for September already.  If there are any conflicts that you have please see me on an individual basis.    Thanks,  Bert ~Bert
input~output































































































input~output
Sean,  Attached is our response to your request for a description of the steps Enron is taking to improve flows to the Griffith power plant.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim ~Kim
The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.  The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-  (i)  Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)    To be forwarded to Louise   These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.    The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.  (ii) Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)      To be forwarded to Faith Killen   First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized) (iii) Seating Plans        Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate  We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.  I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002. (iv) Due Diligence  We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.  I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.  Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.  If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.  Happy New Year  Louise~Louise
Tom:  Buffalo Gap would be just fine.  Bert ~Bert
Will we be acting as agent for Pasadena in January?  Should we turn this contract back?  Let me know what your thoughts are.  Mike~Mike
We are continuing work to ensure our new online trading system, UBSWenergy, is ready for launch on the week of Feb. 11, which is the week following the anticipated Enron/UBS Closing Date of Friday, Feb. 8.  To assist in this process, we are planning an online trading simulation for Thursday, February 7 from  0900 to 1100 (CST). It is planned to include all  traders, originators, mid/back-office staff and IT teams who would normally be involved with electronic trading.  Purpose of the simulation - The simulation will test our "live" trading environment (restricted to internal access only) and will:  Test the integrity and functionality of the system and related processes (including credit, risk, legal, operations, etc.) Provide an opportunity for traders to verify their products and product setup Demonstrate how the trading system and processes work to UBS staff visiting next week  Nature of the simulation - The simulation will include testing of all processes related to trading and mid/back-office functions:  Credit, Legal, Risk, Operations, and other groups: Profile tests for "external" customers (role-played by Originators) Profile tests for internal users (traders, back-office, etc.) Data and Process checking as completed transactions flow through Mid/back-Office systems  Traders and Originators: Traders will be managing their individual books and associated products. Although we may be restricted to certain financial products on launch day, both physical and financial will be available during the simulation. Each trader will be asked to manage their individual position and profitability goals for the simulation. Originators and others will be asked to play the roles of counterparties. Credit limits, etc. will be tested during the simulation.  Information Technology: Will assist in preparing data on the system for the simulation. After the simulation is over, will work with the relevant groups to test the trade-data in various systems and risk books Will ensure all simulation data is removed from the system after the simulation is complete.   Next steps   Traders and Originators will be contacted prior to simulation day to ensure they have appropriate access to the system. Originators will be assigned specific roles. You should expect to receive an email and/or handout on or before Wednesday, Feb. 6. UBSWenergy personnel will be meeting with back office personnel over the next several days to ensure everything is in place for the simulation.   Summary  This simulation is an important step towards re-launching our trading business. We appreciate the participation of everyone involved as we prepare for the public launch of UBS Warburg Energy and the UBSWenergy trading platform.  If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas regarding this simulation, please feel free to contact Bob Shults (30397) or myself (31861).    Regards, Dave Forster 713.853.1861 E-Mail: David.Forster@enron.com ~Dave Forster713.853.1861E-Mail:	David.Forster@enron.com
**For New UBS employees***  I am going to send all of our File Migration compliance forms in one batch, so give them to me when you have signed the Document Migration Certificate. I will be sending this the evening of the 8th.  If you don't know who I am or what this is about, ask Dave Steiner or any of the Admins.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland ~Cara Freeland
Chris,  I put a buy resale deal in Enpower under your book for 274 MW on peak today.  If for some reason it does not relate to you please inform us so we can research it a little bit further.  The deal number is 724362.  Thanks,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
To whom it may concern:  Tags numbered 33079 (5mw) and 33086 (20mw) were cut for a number of hours.    HE 08 and HE 09: Both tags were cut and nobody informed any of the counter parties that the tags were cut until about 25minutes into the last hour of the cuts.  I initially heard of the cuts from Larry @ MEANMN and immediately called each person in the path to inform them of the cut situation.  No action was taken for these two hours.  HE 13: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from APS to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $25.00.  HE 17: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from LADWP to cover the cut and had it delivered to Palo Verde @ a price of $44.00.  Will @ PNM agreed to having the power delivered @ a different location.  HE 18 and HE 19: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from SRP to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $45.00.  HE 20: Tag 33086 was cut to 0 (total of 20mw) steve merriss bought power from El Paso for $45.00.  Steve Merriss input the cut note into the lotus database.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Friends and Co-Workers:  You are hereby cordially invited to a pre-holiday office lunch this Thursday at approximately 11:30 a.m, courtesy of the Trading Attorneys.  LEGAL NOTICE:  Christian Yoder and Steve Hall (hereinafter "we" or "our" or "us" ) intend to pay for the food (which will probably, but not necessarily, be pizza and salad) with post-petition Chapter 11 salary dollars that have already cleared our respective individual bank accounts and, therefore, by joining us in the meal ("Lunch") you will not be exposed to any retroactive claw-back risk by way of the Cash Account Committee.  We are also investigating the possibility of providing a limited quantity of a certain kind of beverage ("Beer") under a provisional waiver of the defunct pre-petition Company's drinking policies, subject to approval by the Estate's Liquor Control Board which is being sought on an expedited basis.         We feel like making this modest holiday gesture for several reasons:   1.  It has been a pleasure working with you all during the past year. 2.  We are optimistic about this office's prospects in the upcoming year. 3.  American Express forgot to cancel our Corporate Cards.  We hope you will join us for a free lunch as we look forward to a prosperous New Year.  Christian and Steve       ~Christian and Steve      
Tom:  If it is not too much trouble, I would prefer to meet downtown.  I now live downtown and currently do not have a car.  If that is not possible, its no big deal, I will just take a cab over to the buffalo gap.  Just let me know...  Bert ~Bert
Mark and Eric,  John Malowney here in the Portland office is trying to assist Louisiana-Pacific in financially hedging their overall gas exposure.  The attached e-mail and spreadsheet outline the basics.  Essentially, he would like to group their plants into 5 or 6 general pricing regions for parsimony.  At this point, we are looking for assistance roughly grouping these plants together.  Obvioulsy, If L-P is interested in this type of hedge, we will be contacting you for further assistance in obtaining quotes.  L-P has made it clear that they wish to deal with only one point-man at Enron and John has that role.  He is currently out of the office, so you should get back to me with any questions or needed clarifications.  Thanks for your assistance.  Please contact me by phone (503.464.8122) or e-mail.  Todd A. Perry~Todd A. Perry
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Dorie, is there a different charge for one day vs the next?  ( you us Canadians, always looking for the deal ).   Barry  ~Barry 
Please be advised that:  A counterparty that wants to terminate a contract needs to send a letter of termination via fax to (713) 646-3227             The termination letter needs to include:   1.) List of contracts being terminated   2.) Calculation of termination payment   3.) Expectation of payments if applicable    A counterparty that unwinds deals does not mean a contract its null and void; the counterparty is still liable for the existing deals governed by the contract  Please forward this on to anyone who needs this information.  Thanks,  Susan *7086 ~Susan*7086
I HAD TO MAKE SOME MINOR ALTERATIONS TO THE SCHEDULES FOR AUGUST AND SEPTEMBER BECAUSE MEIR IS OUT OF TOWN ON SOME OF THE DAYS.  I KNEW OF THIS ONLY AFTER I HAD MADE THE SCHEDULES.  IT AFFECTS ONLY A COUPLE OF MEMBERS IN THE GROUP.  SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.  BERT ~BERT
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim~Kim
Kim, can you call me upon receipt of this e-mail.. I require a confirm to be raised as part of a complicated three way transaction.   Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587.  ~Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587. 
FYI -  The Southwest OASIS website (for PNM, SRP, NEVP, EPE, SMUD, SPP, and LADWP transmission reservations) has given us a new login ID and password. Don Norman is no longer our site administrator; Les Rawson has taken that title. I registered us with two user names and passwords, which are as follows:   Login: rxtime12  Password: epmipower   Login: kxsymes1  Password: realtime  Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this new procedure.  Thanks, Kate ~Kate
For all cuts the following procedures apply...  1.) Notes as usual  2.) In the Enpower Path Confirmation, we need to make cuts as Path Confirms. Enter comments in the confirmed section. We will be zeroing Enpower deals out on Monday (hint: NOTES are VERY important--All CUTS must be notated and the notes must be put in the accordion folders).  3.) Try to have the counterparties continue any paths around us. Just "bow out" gracefully if you have no other options with the words "L - D's."  4.) If we are cut by a generator/utility going into California, we must call the HA desk at California and tell them the increment that we will be underscheduling our load by. For example, EPE will be cutting all schedules going into California on light load (100 mws). If we cannot resupply the schedules we need to tell the state that we are underscheduling our load by 100 mws. THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. We have posted an LC with Cali for this reason.  Also, EPE will be long RT 100 mws off-peak as they are no longer selling to us. 25 mws should be sold to TEP to cover a forward schedule. Stacy has set this up at PV. Please do this as a direct bill with EPE. As of Jan 01, 2002 we will no longer be marketing for EPE. Also, PV#3 will be coming off this weekend, and FC#4 will be down from HE 22 on Saturday through HE 06 on Sunday.  This will probably not be a fun weekend.  I appreciate your help.   Bill ~Bill
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Sorrry I missed  your call.... I am in all day today. Call me back if you need to speak with me.   BT   3-1587. ~BT   3-1587. 
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
We have reached resolution regarding the parking and mass transit issue.  Until notified otherwise, the parking and mass transit subsidy will continue as an employee benefit.   For those who have a payroll parking deduction, your deduction has been stopped.  No deduction should occur on 12/31/01 payroll.  In addition, you should receive a credit for the deduction taken for the 12/15 payroll.    For those who incurred any out-of-pocket parking costs during the month of December, you may expense up to $89 for reimbursement.    Beginning 1/1/02, parking and mass transit will continue as follows:  WTC Parking:  You should receive your parking pass in the mail. Payroll deductions will begin on the 1/15/02 paycheck. (No Action Req'd)  Outside Parking Lots:  Park at lot of your choice and pay out of pocket.  Request reimbursement of up to $89 per month. (No payroll parking deduction will occur)  Tri-Met and MAX employees:  Passes are available for January.  If you would like to pick up your pass, please see Debra Davidson.     NOTE:  Extra Tri-Met passes are available.  If you would like to select mass transit as your parking option, please notify either Grace or myself before Friday, 12/21/01 EOB and we will insure a monthly pass is available.  Validations:  We will no longer validate parking passes, however, you are able to reimburse up to $89 per month for daily parking.  If you have any questions, please let us know!   ENA Human Resources Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404  Grace Rodriguez 503) 464-8321 ~ENA Human ResourcesJulie Kearney503) 464-7404Grace Rodriguez503) 464-8321
Please make sure to check the new schedule for real time for the rest of the month of August.  Due to Ryan becomming the EOL trader for real time...we had to make some adjustments to the schedule.  I tried to make as fair for all as possible.  If you have any concerns please see me to see if there is anything I can do to help.  Also please give me any requests for Sept as I am going to be making it soon.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Realtime group- This occurs when your H drive is not mapped.  To fix the mapping, follow the instructions at:  http://172.17.172.62/rt/tips/mapHdrive.html  Hope this helps!  John Oh Enron North America  503.464.5066 121 SW Salmon Street  503.701.1160 (cell) 3WTC 0306   503.464.3740 (fax) Portland, OR 97204   John.Oh@Enron.com ~John OhEnron North America		503.464.5066121 SW Salmon Street		503.701.1160 (cell)3WTC 0306			503.464.3740 (fax)Portland, OR 97204			John.Oh@Enron.com
For those of you that will be in the office after New Year's, we will begin an informal fundies meeting each day to cover what has happened in the market since we filed for bankruptcy.  We will go over pipeline flows, storage balances, weather, monthly and daily prices, etc. With a few of the Banks showing interest in showing a bid, I thought it would be good for us to begin our preparation to trade the market.  Chris Gaskill will be providing the daily packet and Patti Sullivan will provide the daily operations report.     I was thinking that we should start around 9:30 each morning.  Grigsby~Grigsby
Judy, what is the proper mailing address in Calgary that my supporting documents should be sent to.  Also, should I include a blank cheque to you for payment to the Canadian Taxes or do you want me to wait until we know what the amount is.   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
Tom:  Earlier I wrote that it would be easier for me to meet downtown because I don't have my car.  However, Molly has made an unexpected trip to PA so I have her car.  Meeting @ the Buffalo Gap is not a problem anymore.  Bert ~Bert
I have reviewed the master physical gas agreements for the 10 counterparties (excluding trading companies) at the top of the exposure list to determine whether the contracts contemplate one-way or two-way payments.  1.  Petro Canada Oil & Gas - One Way 2.  Canadian Natural Resources - Two Way 3.  Marathon Canada Limited - One Way 4.  Husky Oil Operations Limited - One Way 5.  Murphy Canada Exploration Company - One Way 6.  Encal Energy Ltd. - One Way 7.  Talisman Energy Inc. - One Way 8.  Premstar Energy Canada Ltd. - Two Way 9.  Rio Alto Exploration Ltd. - One Way 10.  Sunoco Inc. - Two Way  The basic operation of a one way payment provision is that, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position based upon the Early Termination Damages calculation, the Early Termination Damages are deemed to be zero and the non-defaulting party is not required to pay that amount to the defaulting party (the defaulting party's position is wiped out).  However, we would still be entitled, prior to default, to call for collateral where a counterparty's out-of-the money position is in excess of its collateral threshold, which would provide us with security to ensure the counterparty continues to pay.  In addition, if the counterparty failed to post such collateral, they would be in default, we could terminate the contract and, as the non-defaulting party, we would be in a position to realize on our in-the-money position.  If, after we received the collateral, we were then to become insolvent or otherwise default under the master, the counterparty could terminate the contract, our mark-to-market position would be wiped out and we would be required to return any unused collateral.  The operation of a two way payment provision is that the early termination damages are calculated by the non-defaulting party and whoever has a net in-the-money position based upon such calculation is owed the termination payment, regardless of whether such party is the defaulting or non-defaulting party.  In other words, unlike a one way payment, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position upon termination of the contract, the non-defaulting party will be required to pay that amount to the defaulting party.  Therefore, if we were to become insolvent or otherwise default under a master and we had a net in-the-money position under that master, the counterparty could terminate the contract but we would still be owed our mark-to-market position.  The other point to consider in the situation where there is a two way payment provision is that, of the three counterparty masters above that contain two way payments, all three also contain cherry picking language that, upon the occurrence of an event of default other than insolvency, allows the non-defaulting counterparty to pick and choose which transactions to terminate.  In other words, the counterparty need not terminate all transactions, which could effect the amount otherwise owed to the defaulting party.  Even with cherry-picking, upon the occurrence of an insolvency, all transactions are deemed to terminate, so cherry picking would not be a factor.  You had also asked whether the failure by a party to call for collateral when it is entitled to under a contract would have an impact on the ability of such party to collect on a termination payment owed to it upon termination of the contract.  Other than the fact that the failure to call for collateral may mean that we do not hold credit support that would be usable to offset a termination payment owing if the party obligated to pay fails to pay, the right to call for collateral is just that, a right and not an obligation, and the failure to call for collateral does not colour the right of the party owed the termination payment to require it be paid.  Let me know if you need anything further with respect to this matter.  Greg ~Greg
Hi Bertmeister! Good to have you back in the UBS fold. It is also good to hear all is going well for you and Molly. I would look forward to getting together sometime, perhaps for breakfast next Tuesday or Wednesday (2/5 or 2/6). Let me know which works for you.  Tom ~Tom
PAC NW 503-813-5389 PAC SW 503-813-5374 Old number get busy tones Enjoy Leaf ~Leaf
Group,  As of HE2 this morning, our contract with MPC was ended. For the time being, we will no longer be balancing MPC's load.  Also, we can only purchase up to 100 mws from APS transmission. Please do not put wheels in to relieve congestion for over 100 mws. But do check the transmission availability on the website and maximize our ability to relieve congestion with APS in the Southwest. These should be the only congestion wheels that we run.  Also, please use PNM not AEP for any sleeving for EPE.  Thanks,  Bill ~Bill
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim send from my phone ~Kim
Bill:  Please note the following due to the past two days schedules have been wrong in the EPE Schedules in Excel:  Tag number 6181 has been cancelled (50mw to the CISO).  Lending is wrong in the EPE schedules (it is 75mw from PSCO instead of 50mw).  SPS is wrong for HE 08 (it is 130mw instead of 100mw).  I thought you might like to since this is the only income we have currently for real-time and a major screw-up could hurt our relationship.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Bert,  EnronOnline Production Cluster - Use Corp Log In  EnronOnline Stack Manager User ID: bmeyers Password: bmeyers  Please let me know if you have any questions.   Thank you,  Stephanie Sever EnronOnline 713-853-3465 ~Stephanie SeverEnronOnline713-853-3465
Mike, please ensure that as part of the dealer price quote process, we secure a long term quote to establish a MTM on this transaction. The particulars of the structure are.  Est Volume:      5,000 - 50,000 MMbtu/day  Start Date:     June 1, 2003 - May 30, 2020  Delivery Point: El Paso Keystone Pool  Pricing Reference Point:        Gas Dailiy Daily Index Electronic Index Midpoint or the Gas Daily Daily Index Midpoint.    We need the index two way if that is possible.   Thanks, BT ~BT 
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Thanks,Frank ~Frank
Mark, further to our conversation... Mercado transacted with Enron North America under the terms and conditions of a financial transaction and these transactions have been or will be settled financially, however these transactions could have been set up as physical.  The structure of the transaction changes as a result of a few variables, including the price,day of cash settlement, and curtailment issues on San Jan deliveries which would then automatically convert the fixed price portion to 100% load factor and settlement would be on 100% of the volume regardless as to what physically flowed.   Please call me if there are any questions regarding this note.     Barry  Tycholiz Vice President, Enron North America~Barry  TycholizVice President, Enron North America
Please attend the subject meeting in at 9:00 AM on Wednesday, 12/19 in ECS 06716 (next to the credit war room).  Invite anyone you think needs to be there.  If you have any questions, please ask. Regards, Ed ~Ed
To Whom it may concern:  Tag 23841 was cut by 50 MW for HE 01 and HE 02.  Wally @ NEVP said he heard of the cut @ 23:30 on 06/27/01 but he neglected to call us and tell us about the cut.  The reason for the cut was PAC non-firm tranny being cut that PSCO bought.  However they sold us a firm product.  PNM didn't know about the cut either until their reliability person told them they were pushing power on the grid (Approx. time of notification 01:20).  We booked out with PSCO and PNM for HE 01 and HE 02 on the 4C345 part of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  For HE 03 25 MW was cut and we booked out with PSCO and PNM on the 4C345 piece of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  PSCO resupplied the power for HE 03 from SRP @ Mead 230.   The same thing happened for HE 06 as HE 03.  SRP resupplied  the power for HE 06.  I bought back for HE 06 from PSCO @ 4C345 and resold the power to SRP.  The deals are in the RT Inc. sheet for the 28th of June.  After the fact, I spoke with Ryan @ PSCO and he agreed to be billed liquidated damages for HE 01 and HE 02 on the MEAD 230 part of the transaction (06:00 on Kate Symes Phone).   Please Call with question,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Thanks for your interest in the Assistant Trader positions.  We have had sixteen people express interest in this role.  Based on the criteria listed below, you have been selected to be interviewed for this role.  Been in a trading or scheduling position for at least one year. Consistently received high performance ratings through the PRC process. Has consistently pursued a trading role as a career objective.  We are hoping to hold interviews during the next two days and make our decision by the end of the week.  The interviews will be conducted by members of the trading team.  Please send me an e-mail to let me know when you WON'T be available during the next few days.  You will be going through three separate half hour interviews with Crandall/Scholtes, Richter/Mallory, and Belden/Swerzbin.  Thanks.  Regards, Tim via mobile ~Tim
Welcome to UBS Warburg Energy, LLC  All UBS Warburg Energy, LLC employees are invited to join us for breakfast and happy hour on  Friday, February 8, 2002.  Breakfast, 8:15 a.m., here on the 3rd floor.  Happy Hour, 3:00 p.m., appetizers and drinks (2), Fernando's Hideaway, 824 SW First Avenue (upstairs)   We hope you will join us! Chris and Tim ~Chris and Tim
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:  TODAY I BOUGHT TRANNY FROM APS FOR THE FOLLOWING HOURS AND IN THE FOLLOWING AMOUNTS FROM PALO VERDE TO FOUR CORNERS 345:  HE 01:  15MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26810  HE 02:  47MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26812  HE 03:  20MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26813             50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26814--PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WAS A MISTAKE BUT I REALIZED IT TOO LATE TO TAKE THE SCHEDULE TO ZERO.   HE 04:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26816  HE 06:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26817   PLEASE CALL ME WITH ANY QUESTION--503-880-5315  REGARDS,  BERT MEYERS ~BERT MEYERS
To Whom this may concern:  Please note that Colstrip tripped @ approx. 13:20 today.  I picked up tranny from BPA (Mid-C to MPC SYS) for 62 MW.  The first hour of the cut was an integrated number of 41MW.  After Starting HE 15 on the cut was for the full 62 MW each hour.  The deal numbers affected by this cut were reduced by the appropriate amount (711291 and 709803) and new deals were made to correct enpower.  These new deals are 714148 and 714150.  If you have any questions please see me.  My number @ the real time desk is 1-800-684-1336.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Is exclusively gas.   Can you add to your list?  ($13 mm)  Thanks,  David ~David
Here's the draft that we discussed on Friday morning. Please take a look at it and let me know what you think (Jim is on vacation in New York this week). We've kept it brief. We put the upstream capacity in here in case you had achieved any further clarity on the disposition of those contracts, but it should be easy to remove if needed. We also changed from a two-month term to a three-month term because in the event that neither of us terminates the contracts by Feb. 15, we could then extend this agreement if we desired and not end up trying to sell the awkward block of March/April. Please let me know if you have any questions, and I look forward to discussing the draft. Thanks, and talk to you soon.   <<enron revised dec 17__.doc>>   Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com 503-833-4350 ~Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com503-833-4350
Tag number 25430 was cut for HE 19 by 3 MW.  This was a buy from LV Cogen and a sell to SRP.  I resupplied the power from EPEC in the hour from El Paso Electric for $50 and gave it to SRP @ Palo Verde.  I spoke to Mike @ SRP for this deal and he agreed. In enpower I have made deals for a buy from EPE and a sell to LV Cogen under the ST West Services Book.  The deals are 666355 and 66356.  If you have any question please give me a call on the West short term services desk.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
            FT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.3771        1.9463     2.7347   Zone 5                2.4353        1.9961     2.7998   Zone 6                2.4823        2.0363     2.8524      IT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4178        1.9870     2.7754   Zone 5                2.6210        2.1818     2.9855   Zone 6                2.7765        2.3305     3.1466     FTG                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4449        2.0141     2.8025   Zone 5                2.7448        2.3056     3.1093                           AVG.          BUY        SELL                         ------        ------     ------   FTNT                  2.3820        1.9600     2.7200   For information concerning cash out transactions, please contact Casilda Vasquez at (713)215-4504.  Thanks, Stella Yu Manager - Rate Systems (713)215-3381 ~Stella YuManager - Rate Systems(713)215-3381
Barry, what did you do to the company!?  Listen, sorry to hear about the  problems at ENRON.  What a strange turn of events.  It is pretty bizarre  after 10 years of ENRON being the model for other companies on how to  succeed in the energy industry. What's your take on why it happened?  We get  a little bit of news down here but we're a little out of touch.  How are you taking it?  Are you pissed? Do you feel like you squeezed pretty  much what you wanted out of the job? What's the next thing for Barry Tic?   Well, like all of life's curve-balls there is always something sweet in the  next pitch you get (jeez, how sappy is that!).  Anyway, hope you're taking  it all with the good nature you always do.  Hey, maybe this will give you the chance to take a holiday in Ecuador  (Christmas turkey at our house this year?).  Say hi to Kim for us, drop me a  line as soon as you can (a better address to reach me is craigh@ph.com.ec).   Sorry I haven't sent a note before this but you know we are always rooting  for you.  Your pal, Craig. ~Craig.
Your EnronOnline user ID and password is noted below.  To reach the EnronOnline web site, please use: www.enrononline.com <http://www.enrononline.com>.   User ID: EOL59876 Password: WELCOME!   Please note that the User ID and password will need to be in upper case.  Please contact the EnronOnline helpdesk if you have any questions or problems getting into the system.  Helpdesk# 713-853-4357  Thanks, Cecil John X3-6259 ~Cecil JohnX3-6259
Barry,  How are you? Just want to say hi. It must be a very hectic week and stressful. With the talents of people at Enron such as yourself being the major asset of the company, the industry recognizes that fact. I am sure that you will do well. In the mean time, hold tight, pray, and have faith.   Keep in touch.   Joseph Cheung send from my phone ~Joseph Cheung
Mr. Meyers-  I received your request from eHR.com this morning. Please let me know what kinds of information you would like so I can best direct your request. Thank you very much.  ________________________________________ Gary Hewitt Web Content Manager Watson Wyatt Worldwide 1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006 tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953 gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com ~Gary HewittWeb Content ManagerWatson Wyatt Worldwide1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com
This message is only relevant for those going to UBS.  When exporting your EMAIL messages listed in the instructions or via the Outlook Export utility, attachments WILL NOT BE SAVED! There will be a better solution to exporting your Email messages and all your attachments emailed later today.  Thank you, John Oh via mobile ~John Oh
Donald,  Ralph from the Alberta Power Pool called to review tag #22872.  He is wondering if this tag should run both this sunday and the next sunday.  If you could please check it out when you have some time on Monday for the following week he would certainly appreciate it.  If there is no problem with the tag then he said not to bother.  The main issue is that the schedule will flow for this weekend.    Any questions please give me a call.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Tom:  I would be delighted to meet with you over breakfast.  I am available for both of the times you suggested, just name the time and the place.  Regards,  Bert ~Bert
Hi. Just thought I'd see how you were holding up in light of the circumstances. Planning on coming back to the great white north for Xmas? Give us a call sometime. Bryn ~Bryn
Following is an email I have sent to my group, outlining a process to ensure everyone is on board and nothing falls through the cracks.  David ~David
Bill:  Last night as I was trying to log onto the ADS machine I kept getting a server error.  You will probably want to let one of the IT guys know of this problem  Bert ~Bert
Thanks to each of you who help in the review process yesterday.  As many of you know, we found that several of the contracts that we reviewed did reconcile with the Total Exposure (in other words, the agreements were not the right ones).  Eric Moon and Russell Diamond are working with IT, Credit and Risk to access deal specific information in a way that will let us link deal numbers to contract numbers.  Thereafter we can get the right agreements and finish the process.  I will update you later today on the status.  If you have any questions, please ask. Ed ~Ed
God Bless America. If anyone uses one of these moves please report back to me with your results.  I will attempt the Shanghai Shampoo on my date tonight.  HOW TO IMPRESS YOUR GIRLFRIEND These are techniques that have been sent to me by various Bunthaus heads. I want to again stress that in no way do we condone the techniques listed here or practice these. Except maybe the Turkey Shoot and the Rear Admiral. And definitely the Spicey Stanley. Here is a fairly extensive compilation of some of the extraordinary sexual activities that can be performed by men:  1. Tea bag - As you are sitting on a girl's face, repeatedly dip your scrotum in and out of her mouth, similar to a tea bag in a cup of hot water. An old favorite.  2. Hot Lunch - While receiving head from a woman, you shit on her chest. (a.k.a. the Cleveland Steamer) 3. The Stranger - Sitting on your hand until it falls asleep and then jerking off, eliciting the feeling of a hand job from someone else. 4. Donkey Punch - Banging a girl doggy style and then moments before you cum, sticking your dick in her ass, and then punching her in the back of the head. This gives a tremendous sensation, but for it to work correctly, the girl must be knocked out so that her asshole tightens up. 5. Golden Shower - Any form of peeing on a girl. (aka: watersports) 6. Pearl Necklace - Well known. Whenever you cum on the neck/cleavage area of a girl, it takes on the look of beautiful jewelry. 7. Coyote - This occurs when you wake up in the room of a nasty skank and you know you've got to give her the slip. However, you realize that your arm is wrapped around her. Therefore, you must gnaw off your own arm to get out of this situation. Can be very painful. 8. Purple Mushroom - This occurs when a woman is giving you oral sex and you withdraw your penis in order to poke it back into her cheek. It should leave a lasting impression similar to a purple mushroom. 9. The Flying Camel - A personal favorite. As she is lying on her back and you are hammering her from your knees, you carefully balance yourself without using your arms to prop yourself up. You then to flap your arms and let out a long, shrieking howl. Strictly a class move.  10. Double Fishhook - From the doggy-style position, you hook your pinky fingers in her mouth and pull back to achieve deeper penetration. 11. The Ram - Again, you're attacking from behind, when you start ramming her head against the wall in a rhythmic motion. The force of the wall should allow for deeper penetration. Very handy for those lulls in penile sensitivity. 12. Dog in a Bathtub - This is the proper name for when you attempt to insert your nuts into a girl's ass. It is so named because it can be just as hard as keeping a dog in the tub while giving it a bath. 13. The Bronco - Back to reality with this classic. You start by going doggy style and then just when she is really enjoying it, you grab onto her tits as tightly as possible and yell another girl's name. This gives you the feeling of riding a bronco as she tries to buck you off.  14. Pink Glove - This frequently happens during sex when a girl is not wet enough. When you pull out to give her the money, the inside of her twat sticks to your hog. Thus, the pink glove. 15. The Fountain of You - While sitting on her face and having her eat your ass, jerk off like a madman. Build up as much pressure as possible before releasing, spewing like a venerable geyser all over her face, neck and tits. (Better in her bed)  16. New York Style Taco - Anytime when you are so drunk that when you go down on her, you puke on her box. Happy trails! 17. Dirty Sanchez - While banging a girl doggy style, quickly stick 2 fingers deep into her starfish, then reach around and wipe the residue on her upper lip, providing her a mustache. 18. Western Grip - When jerking off, turn your hand around, so that your thumb is facing towards you. It is the same grip that rodeo folks use; hence, western.  19. The Blumpkin - You need to find a real tramp to do this right. It involves having her suck you off while you're on the shitter. 20. The Bismark - Another one involving oral sex. Right before you are about to spew, pull out and shoot all over her face. Follow that with a punch and smear the blood and jism together. 21. Jelly Doughnut - A derivation of the Bismark. All you have to do is punch her in the nose while you are getting head.  22. Woody Woodpecker - While a chick is sucking on your balls, repeatedly tap the head of your cock on her forehead. 23. Tossing salad - Well known by now. A prison act where one person is forced to chow starfish with the help of whatever condiments are available, i.e. Jello, jism, etc 24. The Fish Eye - Working from behind, you shove your finger in her pooper. Thereupon, she turns around in a one-eyed winking motion to see what the hell you are doing. 25. Tuna Melt - You're down on a chick, lapping away, and you discover that it's her time of the month. By no means do you stop though. When the whale spews, tartar sauce with a hint of raspberry smothers your face.  26. The Fur Ball - You're chomping away at some mighty Zena who has a mane between her legs the size of Lionel Richie's afro, when a mammoth fur ball gets lodged in your throat. You punch her.  27. The Chili Dog - You take a dump on the girl's chest and then titty fuck her. 28. Gaylord Perry - Going to only one knuckle during an anal probe is for wimps. Make this famous knuckle-ball pitcher proud and use multiple digits on that virgin corn hole. A minimum of 2 knuckles required (either on one finger or on multiple).  29. The Rear Admiral - An absolute blast. When getting a chick from behind (with both partners standing), make sure you don't let her grab onto anything when she is bent over. Then, drive your hips into her backside so that the momentum pushes her forward. The goal is to push her into a wall or table, or have her trip and fall on her face. You attain the status of Admiral when you can push her around the room without crashing into anything and not using your hands to grab onto her hips. 30. Glass Bottom Boat - Putting saran wrap over the skank's face and taking a dump. 31. Ray Bans - Put your nuts over her eye sockets while getting head. You're can is on her forehead. Yes, it may be anatomically impossible, but it is definitely worth a try.  32. The Snowmobile - When plugging a girl while she's on all fours, reach around and sweep out her arms so she falls on her face.  33. The Dutch Oven - Also well known. Whenever you fart while humping, pull the covers over her head. Don't let her out until all movement ceases.  34. Smoking Pole - Self Explanatory. Don't use fire. 35. Rusty Trombone - Getting the reacharound while getting your salad tossed. Also known as milking the prostate. 36. Turkey Shoot - When you're coming, come on her face and let it drip off her chin so it looks like that red shit on the turkey's chin. 37. Stovepiping - Taking it in the Tush. 38. Rusty Anchor - After a healthy term of the Stovepiping, the recipient gets to enjoy a good fudgesicle. 39. Sandpiper - A stovepiping on the local beach, desert, or playground sandbox. Also known as the Sandblast.  40. Lucky Pierre - the middle man in a three way buttfuck. Also known as the french sandwich. UPDATED!!!! NEW LISTINGS!!!! 41.Divortex- A mystical place into which old friends are sucked when a married couple splits up. 42.Blump- To suck someone's dick while they are taking a dump. 43.Bustard- A very rude bus driver. 44.Cold Faithful- Blowing your visibly-steaming load outside in the winter-time, like when you get your cock sucked on a ski-lift. 45.Grand pappy smash- To beat your meat so hardcore that it starts to chafe and bleed. 46.Esplanade- To attempt an explanation while drunk. 47.Flatulence- The emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller.  48.Butt Rodeo- When you're going at it with a girl, you flip her over real fast, start ramming her in the ass and yell as loud as possible "BUTT RODEO!" You then see how long you can ride her till she tosses ya off! 49.Bargoyle- The hideous old hair-spray hag who seems to live at your local watering hole. She usually smokes endlessly, spends hundreds of dollars a night on video-poker, and makes sexually threatening comments to frightened college freshmen. 50.Pasteurize- Once you get her hairy bush pasteurize, you got it licked! 51.Beerelevant- A point which does not seem to be particularly important, given enough beer 52.Mangry- Describing the anger of women who are angry at men, specifically. "She's such a bitch, she's just plain mangry." 53.Clitourist- A man who won't stop and ask for directions in bed. ie: "Because of his fouled foreplay, Suzy realized that her new boyfriend was no experienced bedroom traveler, but merely a clitourist."  54.Stuffucking- The act of "stuffing in" your limp, helpless member in hopes of getting it up. Potential causes: you're too drunk or she's too ugly. (see also; Fugly) 55.Antlers- Wide, flat, flapjack titties that come to a sharp point at the nipples. 56.The Kangmin - while a girl is reciting bad poetry, you take her from behind.  57.The Flaming Amazon- This one's for all you pyromaniacs out there. When you're screwing some chick, right when your about to cum, pull out and quickly grab the nearest lighter and set her pubes on fire, then extinguish the flames with your jizz! 58.The Screwnicorn -When a dyke puts her strap-on dildo on her forehead and proceeds to go at her partner like a crazed unicorn. 59.Split pissonality -When you're taking a leak and you get two streams out of the one hole!  60.A Short in the Cord- A "code" phrase used by the common man to refer to Testicular Tendon Tangle Syndrome. Ex. "Oh fuck! My nuts are killing me... I think I've got a short in the cord."  61.Old Jism Trail -The stream of semen oozing down the chin and chest of someone who has just finished fellating a senior citizen. 62.Abdicate -To give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach.  63.Lymph -To walk with a lisp.  64.Anal Boot- An anal boot is when you take a pitcher of beer, everyone spits in it, someone stirs it with their cock and then the mixture is poured through the crack of a man ass into the waiting mouth of the loser of a bet or drinking game.  65.Australian Death Grip- The act of grabbing a woman by the haunches/crotch and staring deeply into her eyes until you're slapped or kissed. A recommended tactic for very crowded bars. Another great opportunity for wagering among friends. 66.Fumilingus -When a man (or woman) performs cunnilingus on a woman and she farts directly in his/her face.  67.Intoxicourse- Having sexual intercourse whilst piss-drunk. 68.Valsalva -The act of pinching shut (with thumb and forefinger) a woman's nose while receiving fellatio; most effective when employed just prior to the release point due to the gag reflex and ensuing swallow that the woman is forced to do to continue breathing. A great first date ploy, as it sets the stage for what the rules of engagement will be going forward. 69.Insta-gasm -Pre-mature ejaculation at the sight of a beautiful woman. ie: "She was so fine, I had an insta-gasm before I could get her clothes off!" 70.Manual Deconstipation -This is where you get out the hand cream and go in manually for the hammerhead by breaking it into smaller chunks and pulling it out a piece at a time. 71.Post Poodum Syndrome -The feeling of depression felt after successful removal of a hammerhead. The excitement has passed, and you must now find something else to occupy your time. 72.The Homolic Maneuver -Using your penis to dislodge an object blocking a choking victim's windpipe.  73.Pegging - having a female take you in the rear with a strap on.  74. The UnderDog - after a hard session at the gym, your armpit muscle begins to twitch; thus giving you the ability to jerk a guy off with your armpit muscle.  75. The Twinkler - when you are 69ing a girl and you shove your dick into mouth hard, and you watch her a-hole "twinkle" as she gags.  76. Angry dragon - This involves the girl giving the guy head and as he is about to cum slapping the girl on the back of the head causing the cum to come out her nose. Great care should be used to not slap her mouth shut. 77. Tony Danza - a takeoff of the donkey punch is called the Tony Danza. When you are about to cum while doing a girl from behind, you say "who's the boss?" and stick it in her ass. Before she says anything you shout "TONY DANZA!" and punch her in the back of the head. 78. Alaskan firedragon - another good take off is one of the angry dragon that is called the alaskan firedragon. When a girl is giving you a blowjob, cum in her mouth unexpectedly and plug up her mouth at the same time. Then whisper in her ear "i have syphilis" so she spews it out her nose. 79. The Walrus - when she's giving u a blowjob and u cum in her mouth unexpectadly, cover up her mouth and punch her in the stomach.  80. The Fat Lip - If you get poison ivy and finger a girl, her labia lips will swell. A la, the fat lip. 81. Sleeping Bag - If you're going down on a really fat girl, you pull her enormous stomach roll of fat over your head. 82. Hummer Bird - when a girl is giving a guy a hummer, and he's enjoying it, she bites on his bird.  83. Bloody Mary - when a drunk guy is going down on a girl and without even realizing it after he's done, he realizes Mary was very Bloody 84. The Houdini - this maneuver is accomplished while going at it doggy style. As you feel you are about to cum, you pull out and spit on the small of her back (making her think you've finished...). It's at the point when she turns around when *BAM!* You bust your load in her face (in the eye if you've got proper aiming techniques down.) Also known as the Doug Hennings and the David Copperfield. 85. Upperdecking - This one takes practice. This maneuver requires a toilet with a tank above it, like the ones in most homes. Instead of crapping in the bowl, you shit in the tank (i.e. upperdecking). Now don't flush. When the following victim flushes, the rancid waste fills the bowl. If you play your cards right, it may ferment  86. Journey into darkness - This is the most disturbing of all. It entails shitting into another person's asshole. Not for beginners. 87. Rocky Balboa - dont shower for 2 weeks, then diarrhea down her throat at any point during sexual contact. 88. Rocky Balboa Title Punch - same as the Rocky Balboa, but in that non-showering 2 weeks all you eat is corn.  I don't usually do this, but I have to give credit to Sascha and Zach for the next 2. I'm only doing this because they are my bosses kids...  89. The McDonald's Quick Draw - Get your girlfriend to talk dirty into the intercom, making the order guy start to beat off. Then while pulling up to the window, have her give you falatio till you are about to blow your beefy chunk-load. Upon pulling up to the window, tell your girl friend to yell "Draw!". Then on "three", both you and the guy blow your loads either on her or eachother. 90. Uncle Jemima - the typical dirty chef at your local Denny's or other low-class food establishment who occasionally becomes disgruntled, and takes out his frustration on your meal, via "the ass wipe" or the "French Toast Strut" seen in Road Trip.  91. Airtight - this is where a girl has a cock in each of her three holes, hence, airtight. 92. The Throne of Lightning - This is done by fucking a girl while you shit in a toilet. When you're going to blow your load, turn her over and dunk her head in the toilet, while she's bobbing for your turd plummet a river of semen in her ass. Not to be confused with "Ride the Lightning," a Metallica album 93. Abe Lincoln - You're getting a girl up the ass and give her a swift donkey punch to the back of her head, knocking her unconscious. You then turn her around and jerk off and blow your load all over her face. Then you shave her beaver and take the clippings and spread it where you jizzed on her, making a beard that looks like good ol Honest Abe's.  94. Thanksgiving - Just like the holiday, Thanksgiving is when you do a girl and then she puts her two big butt cheeks on your face like holiday hams. An overcooked thanksgiving is similar to this but instead of just putting the cheeks on your head she farts on it too.  95. PEUM - An acronym coined by a group of drunk assholes that defines the annoying (and uncontrollable) tendency to piss in multiple directions after a raucous fuck: Post-Ejaculatory Urinary Misfire.  96. The Beverly Hills Whiffer -This move is restricted to those women who think they're God's gift to the world. Find a woman of the above description. Take her home and start doggie styling her. When you're about to blow, corkscrew two fingers into her ass, scraping as much shit as you can from her. Pull out your fingers, reach around her head to stick one finger in each nostril. Pull her head back so she can see you while you yell "So, you think your shit don't stink now ?!"  97. Shanghai Shampoo - Fuck a chick until you've built up a load large enough to paint a room. Blow it all in her hair, rub it in thoroughly. When it dries it will resemble the crunchy noodles often served with chop suey.  98 . Frosting the Cake - When you are about to cum, blow a load all over her chest. Then take your dick and evenly spread the Jism around the breasts and over the nipples. Then stick some candles on it and start singing "Happy Birthday." Then blow out the candles  99. Spicey Stanley - When a girl takes hot sauce and pours it on your cock. She then proceeds to give you a blowjob, making sure all of the hot sauce is gone.   Pete Mehok NaviStaff, Inc. Technical Recruiter 332 Springfield Ave Suite 210 Summit, NJ 07901 pm@navistaff.com p:908.273.6960 Ext. 104 f:908.273.6940 www.navistaff.com ~Pete MehokNaviStaff, Inc.Technical Recruiter332 Springfield Ave Suite 210Summit, NJ 07901pm@navistaff.comp:908.273.6960 Ext. 104f:908.273.6940www.navistaff.com
Leaf,  Lisa Gang wanted me to tell the night shift that tag # 25883 is not a good tag.  We tried to cancel it but for some reason WALC denied our cancel request.  Cara already spoke to Leon @ PAC regarding this issue.  The reason this tag is not a good tag is the tranny request was duplicated in another tag (25825) which is a good tag.  If you have any questions please call Cara on her cell phone.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Barry,  Here are our financial products for EOL that we would like to appear on the screen on Monday, as requested by John Zufferli. Call me if you have any questions    Stephane x6721 ~Stephanex6721
Mary,   Attached is a letter providing notification of our cancellation as authorized market for the city of Pasadena.  Please let me know if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim Ward ~Kim Ward
I have completed the organizer... I have also sent to you today my information for filing purposes. Call and let me know what else you need.  Barry  ~Barry 
Enron employees not participating in contract parking are eligible to receive Metro Bus Passes or Woodlands Express Passes.  You may pick up a bus pass from the Parking & Transportation Desk, on Level 3 of the Enron Building, from 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM.    All Metro passes offered through the Enron Parking & Transportation desk will be the Metro 30 Day Zone Pass.  When you use a 30-day zone pass, bus service is divided into four zones w/ unlimited rides.  The zone pass is time activated, which means that it will not become active until the first time it is used and will not expire until 30 days after it was used for the first time.  New passes will be available to Enron employees upon expiration of the 30 day time period. Each zone does have a different fare values based on the distance the bus travels. This is important to any buser who wants to transfer to or travel in a higher-cost zone than the zone pass they have, in this case the difference must be paid in cash.  If they are traveling in a lower cost zone, then there is no extra cost.    Parking & Transportation Desk 3-7060 ~Parking & Transportation Desk3-7060
As some of you might already know, I resigned today.  I feel fortunate and blessed to have had this experience here at Enron.  Not only have I learned a tremendous amount, but I also have met some very talented and unique people.  I am not 100% sure what I will do at this point, but I will probably be heading up to NYC in January.  I feel sad to end this chapter, yet excited as I begin a new one in my life.    As always, it has been a pleasure working with you!  Keep in touch.  I will be interested to see what happens.  Carole C. Frank Enron Net Works  713.345.3960 work 713.446.9307 cell 713.467.3860 home carole_frank@excite.com ~Carole C. FrankEnron Net Works713.345.3960 work713.446.9307 cell713.467.3860 homecarole_frank@excite.com
Here is the list of gas and power products we would like to see on the screen.     Call me if you have any questions Stephane Brodeur (403) 974-6721 ~Stephane Brodeur(403) 974-6721
Group,  There are two new paths for EPE information.  The first is for EPE schedules: This path is P:/Trading/Real Time/El Paso Schedules/Admin/El Paso Schedules/2002/Feb02/EPE_FEB_02  The second is for the EPE models: M:/Electric/EPE/EPE 2002/Models/February02/...  The estate will be settling CAPS each day (creating DA and HA finals) beginning on Friday.   Please work closely with John and Dave to get all problems resolved as quickly as possible.  Thanks, Bill ~Bill
Les,  FYI, LV COGEN went off line @ 15:00.  We called SRP to inform them of the cut and Vanessa said she sees the schedule as unit contingent so she agreed to go to zero on the schedule.  Bert ~Bert
Greetings Steve:  We have had many inquiries regarding our transportation agreements, specifically PGT, Kern River and El Paso.    Most pressing is PGT's request to market capacity on our behalf. Although I do not believe we need to have PGT perform this function, I do believe we could mitigate some demand charge exposure for "the estate".    Are you available to meet with Barry and I first thing tomorrow morning? We need to have an answer for PGT's request. We need to know what the contractual rights are for 1) the pipeline when a shipper declares bankruptcy and 2) our ability to mitigate demand charge exposure by releasing capacity on a short term basis (month at a time?).  Better yet, can we unilaterally turn capacity back to any of these pipes or do we need to reach some type of court approved settlement?  Obviously, we have many questions. Please advise of your ability to meet ASAP.  Thanks,  Stephanie   ~Stephanie
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
Barry, attached is a copy of one of our latest fundamentals packages.  Dean~Dean
Ryan:  Please be aware that on the days of the 14, 15, and 16 of July.  I need to help my wife pack and unpack for our move to downtown Portland.  Any consideration you can arrange will be greatly appreciated.    Give me a call with any questions or concerns  Bert ~Bert
FYI -  All trades done on behalf of El Paso will now be directly billed by El Paso. This means three things for us:  1. Format of the model stays the same.  2. Deals do not go into Enpower. 3. "Counterparty" in the model must show the billing counterparty only (to simplify Kathy's settlement process).  *Per El Paso, please try to market their power through SRP, PNM, PAC, and LADWP only.* These are the counterparties El Paso has contacted regarding our new arrangement.   Please let me know if you have questions.  Thanks,  Kate ~Kate
Please find attached a draft agreement for the purchase of EPMI's position with Santa Clara.   Peter Meier~Peter Meier
I had a problem with CAPS again (profile error).  Last time you said that is was a problem with the mapping of the H: drive.  Login:  janders3  JohnAnderson Realtime ~JohnAndersonRealtime
I hope you had a Merry Christmas.  We are having a great time.  Lucci and I are working with Ed Mc Michael on selling of the storage today.  If you need me call me on my cellphone or email me.   Take care,   Mark~Mark
Dave, I don't know if you received this original message or not.... we will cancel today's meeting. If you need to reach me, call in...   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
This may be too early, but just in case....I will save the good-byes until they become absolutely necessary.  Could I have your outside e-mails and possibly your phone #'s?  If you feel uncomfortable giving these to me, that is o.k.  The following is my information.   Carole C. Frank carole_frank@excite.com 713.446.9307 cell 713-467-3860 home send from my phone ~Carole C. Frankcarole_frank@excite.com713.446.9307 cell713-467-3860 home
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Frank ~Frank
I checke our Historical Caps for these deals and i am certain that we bought from and sold to Reliant (NES1) for hour ending 11.  If this were not the case we would have failed phase 2 with the ISO.  I am searching my notes for the price and whom I spoke with at Reliant.  Regards,   Bert  ~Regards, Bert 
We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco.  So far, we have primarily focussed on the mid/back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors.  Several plans are in the final stages of completion including:-  + Infrastructure  Jenny Rub + Development  Jay Webb + EnronOnline  Webb / Forster + HR   David Oxley + Cash Management Tom Myers + Credit   Debbie Brackett  The rest will be completed shortly.  We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus. John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration"  plans by January 7th, 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups.  The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible.  I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help.  Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually.  Customer Side  + Customers  Phase  1 - First Week (eg top 10)     Phase  2 - First Month (eg top 50)     Phase  3 - First Quarter (eg top 100) + Action Plan  Phase  1 Customers     Phase  2 Customers     Phase  3 Customers + Contracts by customers (pre-prepared with credit terms etc) + Customer visit schedule  Product Side + List of Products Phase 1 - First Week     Phase 2 - First Month     Phase 3 - First Quarter  Target Number of Transactions + Phase 1 + Phase 2 + Phase 3  IT transfer   Louise~Louise
Barry,  Wuold you please send an email to Diana Willigerod (cc:'ed above) authorizing her to provide me with a secon screen for EOL.   Thanks,  Dave ~Dave
Bill:  For yet another day we seem to be having problems including all the schedules in our EPE schedule sheet.  Tag 52159 was not included (25mw schedule to LADWP).  I think part of the problem is some counterparties are not including EPMIWE as a PSE.  Fortunately, the dispatchers had the schedule and informed me of the problem.  I then called LADWP and WESCO to checkout with them.  If this did not happen we wouldn't have known what the deal was.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Bert ~Bert
Kathy:  Please find the enclosed epe model for 01/25/02:      Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Amy,  Please note that I would like to interview for the trader assistant positions for both the cash desk and the term desk.  Bert Meyers Portland WSCC Real Time Desk 503-880-5315 ~Bert MeyersPortland WSCC Real Time Desk503-880-5315
Barry, hope that you had a great Christmas.  Just wanted to touch base. I am continuing to handle some issues from home on KeySpan and some Florida contracts.  I am not scheduled back until Jan 3.  Let me know if I can do anything.  Frank -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Hafrank vickers~Frank
Good Afternoon FSP users,  We have just finished a comprehensive FSP rebuild & testing phase for the next release of FSP.  The rebuild should address all the issues raised in the previous go-live as well as some additional capabilities for robustness.  Please note that we have already executed several hundred different test case scenarios & performed some stress testing using data before the Enron collapse.  What we need now is help from you to continue to identify enhancements and/or bugs with FSP so that we can go-live with FSP once the new company starts trading.  Susan Amador will be available to help in any testing.  You should probably also coordinate with her when you are about to start testing so that our continuing testing doesn't interfere with your testing.  PWRTESTN & PWRTESTP should be all setup for your use.  Here are some of the bug fixes & enhancements we have rolled-out with this latest release: 1.  Bid Curve - Ability to bid on zero volumes (for import, export, and wheels) 2.  Rebuild of all FSP application utilizing Direct Oracle Access components for faster database access & higher reliability. 3.  Bug Fixes on database commits to eliminate database "deadlocks". 4.  New aggregation scout to "stream-line" the template writing process & improve template writing performance. 5.  SQL tuned "Hour Ahead" template writing.  Confirmed performance of 1min 30 seconds on heavy transaction volume days. 6.  And many other small previously unidentified bugs.  We are very excited about this newest release and are looking forward to your feedback over the next couple of days.  Susan will probably be your best contact but please feel free to contact me at anytime.  Thanks,  TDavid Poston # 713-345-7834 ~TDavid Poston# 713-345-7834
Mark and Scott,  Attached is a letter that covers the inventory transfer.  If it's a go please revise as necessary sign and fax.  Thanks.  Jim Griffin Manager, Gas Transmission Marketing Montana Power Company 40 East Broadway Butte, MT  59701 Phone:  406-497-2806 Fax:      406-497-2054 Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> ~Jim GriffinManager, Gas Transmission MarketingMontana Power Company40 East BroadwayButte, MT  59701Phone:  406-497-2806Fax:      406-497-2054Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> 
The available interruptible transportation service (IT and  secondary FT) on Transco for pipeline day Monday, December 24, 2001 and continuing until further notice is summarized as follows:  Tier I and Tier II (only Sta. 90 through Sta. 180 affected)     0   MDt/day  South Virginia Lateral Compressor Station 167 144 MDt/day  Tier III (Station 180 through East)   0   MDt/day  Leidy at Centerville Regulator Station (Only deliveries downstream of Centerville regulator affected)     100 MDt/day  Linden Regulator Station (Located in Union County, New Jersey)  100 MDt/day  Mobile Bay Lateral        162 MDt/day  The above available interruptible transportation service  refers to deliveries into the affected area that have  receipts upstream of the bottleneck or affected area.  If you have any questions, please call John McGrath at (713)  215-2514 or Donna C. Long at (713) 215-4061.  J. E. McGrath Manager Operations Planning ~J. E. McGrathManagerOperations Planning
Davette,  We need to credit Barry Tycholiz (P # 564185) with 40 hrs extra vacation time.  His offer letter said that he would receive an additional 40 hrs vacation.  He has not yet been credited with the extra hrs.  He should be receiving a total of 160 hrs vacation.  Please let me know when this has been completed.  Thanks, Ben ~Ben
Mary,  Attached is a letter notifying Socal Gas that Enron Administrative Services is no longer the authorized marketer for Jefferson Smurfit Corp & Stone Container Corp.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination ~Kim WardManager, West Gas Origination
Guys,  I have prepared the schedule for September already.  If there are any conflicts that you have please see me on an individual basis.    Thanks,  Bert ~Bert
input~output































































































input~output
Sean,  Attached is our response to your request for a description of the steps Enron is taking to improve flows to the Griffith power plant.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim ~Kim
The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.  The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-  (i)  Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)    To be forwarded to Louise   These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.    The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.  (ii) Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)      To be forwarded to Faith Killen   First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized) (iii) Seating Plans        Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate  We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.  I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002. (iv) Due Diligence  We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.  I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.  Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.  If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.  Happy New Year  Louise~Louise
Tom:  Buffalo Gap would be just fine.  Bert ~Bert
Will we be acting as agent for Pasadena in January?  Should we turn this contract back?  Let me know what your thoughts are.  Mike~Mike
We are continuing work to ensure our new online trading system, UBSWenergy, is ready for launch on the week of Feb. 11, which is the week following the anticipated Enron/UBS Closing Date of Friday, Feb. 8.  To assist in this process, we are planning an online trading simulation for Thursday, February 7 from  0900 to 1100 (CST). It is planned to include all  traders, originators, mid/back-office staff and IT teams who would normally be involved with electronic trading.  Purpose of the simulation - The simulation will test our "live" trading environment (restricted to internal access only) and will:  Test the integrity and functionality of the system and related processes (including credit, risk, legal, operations, etc.) Provide an opportunity for traders to verify their products and product setup Demonstrate how the trading system and processes work to UBS staff visiting next week  Nature of the simulation - The simulation will include testing of all processes related to trading and mid/back-office functions:  Credit, Legal, Risk, Operations, and other groups: Profile tests for "external" customers (role-played by Originators) Profile tests for internal users (traders, back-office, etc.) Data and Process checking as completed transactions flow through Mid/back-Office systems  Traders and Originators: Traders will be managing their individual books and associated products. Although we may be restricted to certain financial products on launch day, both physical and financial will be available during the simulation. Each trader will be asked to manage their individual position and profitability goals for the simulation. Originators and others will be asked to play the roles of counterparties. Credit limits, etc. will be tested during the simulation.  Information Technology: Will assist in preparing data on the system for the simulation. After the simulation is over, will work with the relevant groups to test the trade-data in various systems and risk books Will ensure all simulation data is removed from the system after the simulation is complete.   Next steps   Traders and Originators will be contacted prior to simulation day to ensure they have appropriate access to the system. Originators will be assigned specific roles. You should expect to receive an email and/or handout on or before Wednesday, Feb. 6. UBSWenergy personnel will be meeting with back office personnel over the next several days to ensure everything is in place for the simulation.   Summary  This simulation is an important step towards re-launching our trading business. We appreciate the participation of everyone involved as we prepare for the public launch of UBS Warburg Energy and the UBSWenergy trading platform.  If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas regarding this simulation, please feel free to contact Bob Shults (30397) or myself (31861).    Regards, Dave Forster 713.853.1861 E-Mail: David.Forster@enron.com ~Dave Forster713.853.1861E-Mail:	David.Forster@enron.com
**For New UBS employees***  I am going to send all of our File Migration compliance forms in one batch, so give them to me when you have signed the Document Migration Certificate. I will be sending this the evening of the 8th.  If you don't know who I am or what this is about, ask Dave Steiner or any of the Admins.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland ~Cara Freeland
Chris,  I put a buy resale deal in Enpower under your book for 274 MW on peak today.  If for some reason it does not relate to you please inform us so we can research it a little bit further.  The deal number is 724362.  Thanks,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
To whom it may concern:  Tags numbered 33079 (5mw) and 33086 (20mw) were cut for a number of hours.    HE 08 and HE 09: Both tags were cut and nobody informed any of the counter parties that the tags were cut until about 25minutes into the last hour of the cuts.  I initially heard of the cuts from Larry @ MEANMN and immediately called each person in the path to inform them of the cut situation.  No action was taken for these two hours.  HE 13: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from APS to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $25.00.  HE 17: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from LADWP to cover the cut and had it delivered to Palo Verde @ a price of $44.00.  Will @ PNM agreed to having the power delivered @ a different location.  HE 18 and HE 19: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from SRP to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $45.00.  HE 20: Tag 33086 was cut to 0 (total of 20mw) steve merriss bought power from El Paso for $45.00.  Steve Merriss input the cut note into the lotus database.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Friends and Co-Workers:  You are hereby cordially invited to a pre-holiday office lunch this Thursday at approximately 11:30 a.m, courtesy of the Trading Attorneys.  LEGAL NOTICE:  Christian Yoder and Steve Hall (hereinafter "we" or "our" or "us" ) intend to pay for the food (which will probably, but not necessarily, be pizza and salad) with post-petition Chapter 11 salary dollars that have already cleared our respective individual bank accounts and, therefore, by joining us in the meal ("Lunch") you will not be exposed to any retroactive claw-back risk by way of the Cash Account Committee.  We are also investigating the possibility of providing a limited quantity of a certain kind of beverage ("Beer") under a provisional waiver of the defunct pre-petition Company's drinking policies, subject to approval by the Estate's Liquor Control Board which is being sought on an expedited basis.         We feel like making this modest holiday gesture for several reasons:   1.  It has been a pleasure working with you all during the past year. 2.  We are optimistic about this office's prospects in the upcoming year. 3.  American Express forgot to cancel our Corporate Cards.  We hope you will join us for a free lunch as we look forward to a prosperous New Year.  Christian and Steve       ~Christian and Steve      
Tom:  If it is not too much trouble, I would prefer to meet downtown.  I now live downtown and currently do not have a car.  If that is not possible, its no big deal, I will just take a cab over to the buffalo gap.  Just let me know...  Bert ~Bert
Mark and Eric,  John Malowney here in the Portland office is trying to assist Louisiana-Pacific in financially hedging their overall gas exposure.  The attached e-mail and spreadsheet outline the basics.  Essentially, he would like to group their plants into 5 or 6 general pricing regions for parsimony.  At this point, we are looking for assistance roughly grouping these plants together.  Obvioulsy, If L-P is interested in this type of hedge, we will be contacting you for further assistance in obtaining quotes.  L-P has made it clear that they wish to deal with only one point-man at Enron and John has that role.  He is currently out of the office, so you should get back to me with any questions or needed clarifications.  Thanks for your assistance.  Please contact me by phone (503.464.8122) or e-mail.  Todd A. Perry~Todd A. Perry
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Dorie, is there a different charge for one day vs the next?  ( you us Canadians, always looking for the deal ).   Barry  ~Barry 
Please be advised that:  A counterparty that wants to terminate a contract needs to send a letter of termination via fax to (713) 646-3227             The termination letter needs to include:   1.) List of contracts being terminated   2.) Calculation of termination payment   3.) Expectation of payments if applicable    A counterparty that unwinds deals does not mean a contract its null and void; the counterparty is still liable for the existing deals governed by the contract  Please forward this on to anyone who needs this information.  Thanks,  Susan *7086 ~Susan*7086
I HAD TO MAKE SOME MINOR ALTERATIONS TO THE SCHEDULES FOR AUGUST AND SEPTEMBER BECAUSE MEIR IS OUT OF TOWN ON SOME OF THE DAYS.  I KNEW OF THIS ONLY AFTER I HAD MADE THE SCHEDULES.  IT AFFECTS ONLY A COUPLE OF MEMBERS IN THE GROUP.  SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.  BERT ~BERT
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim~Kim
Kim, can you call me upon receipt of this e-mail.. I require a confirm to be raised as part of a complicated three way transaction.   Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587.  ~Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587. 
FYI -  The Southwest OASIS website (for PNM, SRP, NEVP, EPE, SMUD, SPP, and LADWP transmission reservations) has given us a new login ID and password. Don Norman is no longer our site administrator; Les Rawson has taken that title. I registered us with two user names and passwords, which are as follows:   Login: rxtime12  Password: epmipower   Login: kxsymes1  Password: realtime  Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this new procedure.  Thanks, Kate ~Kate
For all cuts the following procedures apply...  1.) Notes as usual  2.) In the Enpower Path Confirmation, we need to make cuts as Path Confirms. Enter comments in the confirmed section. We will be zeroing Enpower deals out on Monday (hint: NOTES are VERY important--All CUTS must be notated and the notes must be put in the accordion folders).  3.) Try to have the counterparties continue any paths around us. Just "bow out" gracefully if you have no other options with the words "L - D's."  4.) If we are cut by a generator/utility going into California, we must call the HA desk at California and tell them the increment that we will be underscheduling our load by. For example, EPE will be cutting all schedules going into California on light load (100 mws). If we cannot resupply the schedules we need to tell the state that we are underscheduling our load by 100 mws. THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. We have posted an LC with Cali for this reason.  Also, EPE will be long RT 100 mws off-peak as they are no longer selling to us. 25 mws should be sold to TEP to cover a forward schedule. Stacy has set this up at PV. Please do this as a direct bill with EPE. As of Jan 01, 2002 we will no longer be marketing for EPE. Also, PV#3 will be coming off this weekend, and FC#4 will be down from HE 22 on Saturday through HE 06 on Sunday.  This will probably not be a fun weekend.  I appreciate your help.   Bill ~Bill
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Sorrry I missed  your call.... I am in all day today. Call me back if you need to speak with me.   BT   3-1587. ~BT   3-1587. 
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
We have reached resolution regarding the parking and mass transit issue.  Until notified otherwise, the parking and mass transit subsidy will continue as an employee benefit.   For those who have a payroll parking deduction, your deduction has been stopped.  No deduction should occur on 12/31/01 payroll.  In addition, you should receive a credit for the deduction taken for the 12/15 payroll.    For those who incurred any out-of-pocket parking costs during the month of December, you may expense up to $89 for reimbursement.    Beginning 1/1/02, parking and mass transit will continue as follows:  WTC Parking:  You should receive your parking pass in the mail. Payroll deductions will begin on the 1/15/02 paycheck. (No Action Req'd)  Outside Parking Lots:  Park at lot of your choice and pay out of pocket.  Request reimbursement of up to $89 per month. (No payroll parking deduction will occur)  Tri-Met and MAX employees:  Passes are available for January.  If you would like to pick up your pass, please see Debra Davidson.     NOTE:  Extra Tri-Met passes are available.  If you would like to select mass transit as your parking option, please notify either Grace or myself before Friday, 12/21/01 EOB and we will insure a monthly pass is available.  Validations:  We will no longer validate parking passes, however, you are able to reimburse up to $89 per month for daily parking.  If you have any questions, please let us know!   ENA Human Resources Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404  Grace Rodriguez 503) 464-8321 ~ENA Human ResourcesJulie Kearney503) 464-7404Grace Rodriguez503) 464-8321
Please make sure to check the new schedule for real time for the rest of the month of August.  Due to Ryan becomming the EOL trader for real time...we had to make some adjustments to the schedule.  I tried to make as fair for all as possible.  If you have any concerns please see me to see if there is anything I can do to help.  Also please give me any requests for Sept as I am going to be making it soon.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Realtime group- This occurs when your H drive is not mapped.  To fix the mapping, follow the instructions at:  http://172.17.172.62/rt/tips/mapHdrive.html  Hope this helps!  John Oh Enron North America  503.464.5066 121 SW Salmon Street  503.701.1160 (cell) 3WTC 0306   503.464.3740 (fax) Portland, OR 97204   John.Oh@Enron.com ~John OhEnron North America		503.464.5066121 SW Salmon Street		503.701.1160 (cell)3WTC 0306			503.464.3740 (fax)Portland, OR 97204			John.Oh@Enron.com
For those of you that will be in the office after New Year's, we will begin an informal fundies meeting each day to cover what has happened in the market since we filed for bankruptcy.  We will go over pipeline flows, storage balances, weather, monthly and daily prices, etc. With a few of the Banks showing interest in showing a bid, I thought it would be good for us to begin our preparation to trade the market.  Chris Gaskill will be providing the daily packet and Patti Sullivan will provide the daily operations report.     I was thinking that we should start around 9:30 each morning.  Grigsby~Grigsby
Judy, what is the proper mailing address in Calgary that my supporting documents should be sent to.  Also, should I include a blank cheque to you for payment to the Canadian Taxes or do you want me to wait until we know what the amount is.   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
Tom:  Earlier I wrote that it would be easier for me to meet downtown because I don't have my car.  However, Molly has made an unexpected trip to PA so I have her car.  Meeting @ the Buffalo Gap is not a problem anymore.  Bert ~Bert
I have reviewed the master physical gas agreements for the 10 counterparties (excluding trading companies) at the top of the exposure list to determine whether the contracts contemplate one-way or two-way payments.  1.  Petro Canada Oil & Gas - One Way 2.  Canadian Natural Resources - Two Way 3.  Marathon Canada Limited - One Way 4.  Husky Oil Operations Limited - One Way 5.  Murphy Canada Exploration Company - One Way 6.  Encal Energy Ltd. - One Way 7.  Talisman Energy Inc. - One Way 8.  Premstar Energy Canada Ltd. - Two Way 9.  Rio Alto Exploration Ltd. - One Way 10.  Sunoco Inc. - Two Way  The basic operation of a one way payment provision is that, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position based upon the Early Termination Damages calculation, the Early Termination Damages are deemed to be zero and the non-defaulting party is not required to pay that amount to the defaulting party (the defaulting party's position is wiped out).  However, we would still be entitled, prior to default, to call for collateral where a counterparty's out-of-the money position is in excess of its collateral threshold, which would provide us with security to ensure the counterparty continues to pay.  In addition, if the counterparty failed to post such collateral, they would be in default, we could terminate the contract and, as the non-defaulting party, we would be in a position to realize on our in-the-money position.  If, after we received the collateral, we were then to become insolvent or otherwise default under the master, the counterparty could terminate the contract, our mark-to-market position would be wiped out and we would be required to return any unused collateral.  The operation of a two way payment provision is that the early termination damages are calculated by the non-defaulting party and whoever has a net in-the-money position based upon such calculation is owed the termination payment, regardless of whether such party is the defaulting or non-defaulting party.  In other words, unlike a one way payment, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position upon termination of the contract, the non-defaulting party will be required to pay that amount to the defaulting party.  Therefore, if we were to become insolvent or otherwise default under a master and we had a net in-the-money position under that master, the counterparty could terminate the contract but we would still be owed our mark-to-market position.  The other point to consider in the situation where there is a two way payment provision is that, of the three counterparty masters above that contain two way payments, all three also contain cherry picking language that, upon the occurrence of an event of default other than insolvency, allows the non-defaulting counterparty to pick and choose which transactions to terminate.  In other words, the counterparty need not terminate all transactions, which could effect the amount otherwise owed to the defaulting party.  Even with cherry-picking, upon the occurrence of an insolvency, all transactions are deemed to terminate, so cherry picking would not be a factor.  You had also asked whether the failure by a party to call for collateral when it is entitled to under a contract would have an impact on the ability of such party to collect on a termination payment owed to it upon termination of the contract.  Other than the fact that the failure to call for collateral may mean that we do not hold credit support that would be usable to offset a termination payment owing if the party obligated to pay fails to pay, the right to call for collateral is just that, a right and not an obligation, and the failure to call for collateral does not colour the right of the party owed the termination payment to require it be paid.  Let me know if you need anything further with respect to this matter.  Greg ~Greg
Hi Bertmeister! Good to have you back in the UBS fold. It is also good to hear all is going well for you and Molly. I would look forward to getting together sometime, perhaps for breakfast next Tuesday or Wednesday (2/5 or 2/6). Let me know which works for you.  Tom ~Tom
PAC NW 503-813-5389 PAC SW 503-813-5374 Old number get busy tones Enjoy Leaf ~Leaf
Group,  As of HE2 this morning, our contract with MPC was ended. For the time being, we will no longer be balancing MPC's load.  Also, we can only purchase up to 100 mws from APS transmission. Please do not put wheels in to relieve congestion for over 100 mws. But do check the transmission availability on the website and maximize our ability to relieve congestion with APS in the Southwest. These should be the only congestion wheels that we run.  Also, please use PNM not AEP for any sleeving for EPE.  Thanks,  Bill ~Bill
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim send from my phone ~Kim
Bill:  Please note the following due to the past two days schedules have been wrong in the EPE Schedules in Excel:  Tag number 6181 has been cancelled (50mw to the CISO).  Lending is wrong in the EPE schedules (it is 75mw from PSCO instead of 50mw).  SPS is wrong for HE 08 (it is 130mw instead of 100mw).  I thought you might like to since this is the only income we have currently for real-time and a major screw-up could hurt our relationship.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Bert,  EnronOnline Production Cluster - Use Corp Log In  EnronOnline Stack Manager User ID: bmeyers Password: bmeyers  Please let me know if you have any questions.   Thank you,  Stephanie Sever EnronOnline 713-853-3465 ~Stephanie SeverEnronOnline713-853-3465
Mike, please ensure that as part of the dealer price quote process, we secure a long term quote to establish a MTM on this transaction. The particulars of the structure are.  Est Volume:      5,000 - 50,000 MMbtu/day  Start Date:     June 1, 2003 - May 30, 2020  Delivery Point: El Paso Keystone Pool  Pricing Reference Point:        Gas Dailiy Daily Index Electronic Index Midpoint or the Gas Daily Daily Index Midpoint.    We need the index two way if that is possible.   Thanks, BT ~BT 
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Thanks,Frank ~Frank
Mark, further to our conversation... Mercado transacted with Enron North America under the terms and conditions of a financial transaction and these transactions have been or will be settled financially, however these transactions could have been set up as physical.  The structure of the transaction changes as a result of a few variables, including the price,day of cash settlement, and curtailment issues on San Jan deliveries which would then automatically convert the fixed price portion to 100% load factor and settlement would be on 100% of the volume regardless as to what physically flowed.   Please call me if there are any questions regarding this note.     Barry  Tycholiz Vice President, Enron North America~Barry  TycholizVice President, Enron North America
Please attend the subject meeting in at 9:00 AM on Wednesday, 12/19 in ECS 06716 (next to the credit war room).  Invite anyone you think needs to be there.  If you have any questions, please ask. Regards, Ed ~Ed
To Whom it may concern:  Tag 23841 was cut by 50 MW for HE 01 and HE 02.  Wally @ NEVP said he heard of the cut @ 23:30 on 06/27/01 but he neglected to call us and tell us about the cut.  The reason for the cut was PAC non-firm tranny being cut that PSCO bought.  However they sold us a firm product.  PNM didn't know about the cut either until their reliability person told them they were pushing power on the grid (Approx. time of notification 01:20).  We booked out with PSCO and PNM for HE 01 and HE 02 on the 4C345 part of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  For HE 03 25 MW was cut and we booked out with PSCO and PNM on the 4C345 piece of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  PSCO resupplied the power for HE 03 from SRP @ Mead 230.   The same thing happened for HE 06 as HE 03.  SRP resupplied  the power for HE 06.  I bought back for HE 06 from PSCO @ 4C345 and resold the power to SRP.  The deals are in the RT Inc. sheet for the 28th of June.  After the fact, I spoke with Ryan @ PSCO and he agreed to be billed liquidated damages for HE 01 and HE 02 on the MEAD 230 part of the transaction (06:00 on Kate Symes Phone).   Please Call with question,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Thanks for your interest in the Assistant Trader positions.  We have had sixteen people express interest in this role.  Based on the criteria listed below, you have been selected to be interviewed for this role.  Been in a trading or scheduling position for at least one year. Consistently received high performance ratings through the PRC process. Has consistently pursued a trading role as a career objective.  We are hoping to hold interviews during the next two days and make our decision by the end of the week.  The interviews will be conducted by members of the trading team.  Please send me an e-mail to let me know when you WON'T be available during the next few days.  You will be going through three separate half hour interviews with Crandall/Scholtes, Richter/Mallory, and Belden/Swerzbin.  Thanks.  Regards, Tim via mobile ~Tim
Welcome to UBS Warburg Energy, LLC  All UBS Warburg Energy, LLC employees are invited to join us for breakfast and happy hour on  Friday, February 8, 2002.  Breakfast, 8:15 a.m., here on the 3rd floor.  Happy Hour, 3:00 p.m., appetizers and drinks (2), Fernando's Hideaway, 824 SW First Avenue (upstairs)   We hope you will join us! Chris and Tim ~Chris and Tim
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:  TODAY I BOUGHT TRANNY FROM APS FOR THE FOLLOWING HOURS AND IN THE FOLLOWING AMOUNTS FROM PALO VERDE TO FOUR CORNERS 345:  HE 01:  15MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26810  HE 02:  47MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26812  HE 03:  20MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26813             50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26814--PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WAS A MISTAKE BUT I REALIZED IT TOO LATE TO TAKE THE SCHEDULE TO ZERO.   HE 04:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26816  HE 06:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26817   PLEASE CALL ME WITH ANY QUESTION--503-880-5315  REGARDS,  BERT MEYERS ~BERT MEYERS
To Whom this may concern:  Please note that Colstrip tripped @ approx. 13:20 today.  I picked up tranny from BPA (Mid-C to MPC SYS) for 62 MW.  The first hour of the cut was an integrated number of 41MW.  After Starting HE 15 on the cut was for the full 62 MW each hour.  The deal numbers affected by this cut were reduced by the appropriate amount (711291 and 709803) and new deals were made to correct enpower.  These new deals are 714148 and 714150.  If you have any questions please see me.  My number @ the real time desk is 1-800-684-1336.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Is exclusively gas.   Can you add to your list?  ($13 mm)  Thanks,  David ~David
Here's the draft that we discussed on Friday morning. Please take a look at it and let me know what you think (Jim is on vacation in New York this week). We've kept it brief. We put the upstream capacity in here in case you had achieved any further clarity on the disposition of those contracts, but it should be easy to remove if needed. We also changed from a two-month term to a three-month term because in the event that neither of us terminates the contracts by Feb. 15, we could then extend this agreement if we desired and not end up trying to sell the awkward block of March/April. Please let me know if you have any questions, and I look forward to discussing the draft. Thanks, and talk to you soon.   <<enron revised dec 17__.doc>>   Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com 503-833-4350 ~Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com503-833-4350
Tag number 25430 was cut for HE 19 by 3 MW.  This was a buy from LV Cogen and a sell to SRP.  I resupplied the power from EPEC in the hour from El Paso Electric for $50 and gave it to SRP @ Palo Verde.  I spoke to Mike @ SRP for this deal and he agreed. In enpower I have made deals for a buy from EPE and a sell to LV Cogen under the ST West Services Book.  The deals are 666355 and 66356.  If you have any question please give me a call on the West short term services desk.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
            FT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.3771        1.9463     2.7347   Zone 5                2.4353        1.9961     2.7998   Zone 6                2.4823        2.0363     2.8524      IT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4178        1.9870     2.7754   Zone 5                2.6210        2.1818     2.9855   Zone 6                2.7765        2.3305     3.1466     FTG                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4449        2.0141     2.8025   Zone 5                2.7448        2.3056     3.1093                           AVG.          BUY        SELL                         ------        ------     ------   FTNT                  2.3820        1.9600     2.7200   For information concerning cash out transactions, please contact Casilda Vasquez at (713)215-4504.  Thanks, Stella Yu Manager - Rate Systems (713)215-3381 ~Stella YuManager - Rate Systems(713)215-3381
Barry, what did you do to the company!?  Listen, sorry to hear about the  problems at ENRON.  What a strange turn of events.  It is pretty bizarre  after 10 years of ENRON being the model for other companies on how to  succeed in the energy industry. What's your take on why it happened?  We get  a little bit of news down here but we're a little out of touch.  How are you taking it?  Are you pissed? Do you feel like you squeezed pretty  much what you wanted out of the job? What's the next thing for Barry Tic?   Well, like all of life's curve-balls there is always something sweet in the  next pitch you get (jeez, how sappy is that!).  Anyway, hope you're taking  it all with the good nature you always do.  Hey, maybe this will give you the chance to take a holiday in Ecuador  (Christmas turkey at our house this year?).  Say hi to Kim for us, drop me a  line as soon as you can (a better address to reach me is craigh@ph.com.ec).   Sorry I haven't sent a note before this but you know we are always rooting  for you.  Your pal, Craig. ~Craig.
Your EnronOnline user ID and password is noted below.  To reach the EnronOnline web site, please use: www.enrononline.com <http://www.enrononline.com>.   User ID: EOL59876 Password: WELCOME!   Please note that the User ID and password will need to be in upper case.  Please contact the EnronOnline helpdesk if you have any questions or problems getting into the system.  Helpdesk# 713-853-4357  Thanks, Cecil John X3-6259 ~Cecil JohnX3-6259
Barry,  How are you? Just want to say hi. It must be a very hectic week and stressful. With the talents of people at Enron such as yourself being the major asset of the company, the industry recognizes that fact. I am sure that you will do well. In the mean time, hold tight, pray, and have faith.   Keep in touch.   Joseph Cheung send from my phone ~Joseph Cheung
Mr. Meyers-  I received your request from eHR.com this morning. Please let me know what kinds of information you would like so I can best direct your request. Thank you very much.  ________________________________________ Gary Hewitt Web Content Manager Watson Wyatt Worldwide 1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006 tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953 gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com ~Gary HewittWeb Content ManagerWatson Wyatt Worldwide1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com
This message is only relevant for those going to UBS.  When exporting your EMAIL messages listed in the instructions or via the Outlook Export utility, attachments WILL NOT BE SAVED! There will be a better solution to exporting your Email messages and all your attachments emailed later today.  Thank you, John Oh via mobile ~John Oh
Donald,  Ralph from the Alberta Power Pool called to review tag #22872.  He is wondering if this tag should run both this sunday and the next sunday.  If you could please check it out when you have some time on Monday for the following week he would certainly appreciate it.  If there is no problem with the tag then he said not to bother.  The main issue is that the schedule will flow for this weekend.    Any questions please give me a call.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Tom:  I would be delighted to meet with you over breakfast.  I am available for both of the times you suggested, just name the time and the place.  Regards,  Bert ~Bert
Hi. Just thought I'd see how you were holding up in light of the circumstances. Planning on coming back to the great white north for Xmas? Give us a call sometime. Bryn ~Bryn
Following is an email I have sent to my group, outlining a process to ensure everyone is on board and nothing falls through the cracks.  David ~David
Bill:  Last night as I was trying to log onto the ADS machine I kept getting a server error.  You will probably want to let one of the IT guys know of this problem  Bert ~Bert
Thanks to each of you who help in the review process yesterday.  As many of you know, we found that several of the contracts that we reviewed did reconcile with the Total Exposure (in other words, the agreements were not the right ones).  Eric Moon and Russell Diamond are working with IT, Credit and Risk to access deal specific information in a way that will let us link deal numbers to contract numbers.  Thereafter we can get the right agreements and finish the process.  I will update you later today on the status.  If you have any questions, please ask. Ed ~Ed
God Bless America. If anyone uses one of these moves please report back to me with your results.  I will attempt the Shanghai Shampoo on my date tonight.  HOW TO IMPRESS YOUR GIRLFRIEND These are techniques that have been sent to me by various Bunthaus heads. I want to again stress that in no way do we condone the techniques listed here or practice these. Except maybe the Turkey Shoot and the Rear Admiral. And definitely the Spicey Stanley. Here is a fairly extensive compilation of some of the extraordinary sexual activities that can be performed by men:  1. Tea bag - As you are sitting on a girl's face, repeatedly dip your scrotum in and out of her mouth, similar to a tea bag in a cup of hot water. An old favorite.  2. Hot Lunch - While receiving head from a woman, you shit on her chest. (a.k.a. the Cleveland Steamer) 3. The Stranger - Sitting on your hand until it falls asleep and then jerking off, eliciting the feeling of a hand job from someone else. 4. Donkey Punch - Banging a girl doggy style and then moments before you cum, sticking your dick in her ass, and then punching her in the back of the head. This gives a tremendous sensation, but for it to work correctly, the girl must be knocked out so that her asshole tightens up. 5. Golden Shower - Any form of peeing on a girl. (aka: watersports) 6. Pearl Necklace - Well known. Whenever you cum on the neck/cleavage area of a girl, it takes on the look of beautiful jewelry. 7. Coyote - This occurs when you wake up in the room of a nasty skank and you know you've got to give her the slip. However, you realize that your arm is wrapped around her. Therefore, you must gnaw off your own arm to get out of this situation. Can be very painful. 8. Purple Mushroom - This occurs when a woman is giving you oral sex and you withdraw your penis in order to poke it back into her cheek. It should leave a lasting impression similar to a purple mushroom. 9. The Flying Camel - A personal favorite. As she is lying on her back and you are hammering her from your knees, you carefully balance yourself without using your arms to prop yourself up. You then to flap your arms and let out a long, shrieking howl. Strictly a class move.  10. Double Fishhook - From the doggy-style position, you hook your pinky fingers in her mouth and pull back to achieve deeper penetration. 11. The Ram - Again, you're attacking from behind, when you start ramming her head against the wall in a rhythmic motion. The force of the wall should allow for deeper penetration. Very handy for those lulls in penile sensitivity. 12. Dog in a Bathtub - This is the proper name for when you attempt to insert your nuts into a girl's ass. It is so named because it can be just as hard as keeping a dog in the tub while giving it a bath. 13. The Bronco - Back to reality with this classic. You start by going doggy style and then just when she is really enjoying it, you grab onto her tits as tightly as possible and yell another girl's name. This gives you the feeling of riding a bronco as she tries to buck you off.  14. Pink Glove - This frequently happens during sex when a girl is not wet enough. When you pull out to give her the money, the inside of her twat sticks to your hog. Thus, the pink glove. 15. The Fountain of You - While sitting on her face and having her eat your ass, jerk off like a madman. Build up as much pressure as possible before releasing, spewing like a venerable geyser all over her face, neck and tits. (Better in her bed)  16. New York Style Taco - Anytime when you are so drunk that when you go down on her, you puke on her box. Happy trails! 17. Dirty Sanchez - While banging a girl doggy style, quickly stick 2 fingers deep into her starfish, then reach around and wipe the residue on her upper lip, providing her a mustache. 18. Western Grip - When jerking off, turn your hand around, so that your thumb is facing towards you. It is the same grip that rodeo folks use; hence, western.  19. The Blumpkin - You need to find a real tramp to do this right. It involves having her suck you off while you're on the shitter. 20. The Bismark - Another one involving oral sex. Right before you are about to spew, pull out and shoot all over her face. Follow that with a punch and smear the blood and jism together. 21. Jelly Doughnut - A derivation of the Bismark. All you have to do is punch her in the nose while you are getting head.  22. Woody Woodpecker - While a chick is sucking on your balls, repeatedly tap the head of your cock on her forehead. 23. Tossing salad - Well known by now. A prison act where one person is forced to chow starfish with the help of whatever condiments are available, i.e. Jello, jism, etc 24. The Fish Eye - Working from behind, you shove your finger in her pooper. Thereupon, she turns around in a one-eyed winking motion to see what the hell you are doing. 25. Tuna Melt - You're down on a chick, lapping away, and you discover that it's her time of the month. By no means do you stop though. When the whale spews, tartar sauce with a hint of raspberry smothers your face.  26. The Fur Ball - You're chomping away at some mighty Zena who has a mane between her legs the size of Lionel Richie's afro, when a mammoth fur ball gets lodged in your throat. You punch her.  27. The Chili Dog - You take a dump on the girl's chest and then titty fuck her. 28. Gaylord Perry - Going to only one knuckle during an anal probe is for wimps. Make this famous knuckle-ball pitcher proud and use multiple digits on that virgin corn hole. A minimum of 2 knuckles required (either on one finger or on multiple).  29. The Rear Admiral - An absolute blast. When getting a chick from behind (with both partners standing), make sure you don't let her grab onto anything when she is bent over. Then, drive your hips into her backside so that the momentum pushes her forward. The goal is to push her into a wall or table, or have her trip and fall on her face. You attain the status of Admiral when you can push her around the room without crashing into anything and not using your hands to grab onto her hips. 30. Glass Bottom Boat - Putting saran wrap over the skank's face and taking a dump. 31. Ray Bans - Put your nuts over her eye sockets while getting head. You're can is on her forehead. Yes, it may be anatomically impossible, but it is definitely worth a try.  32. The Snowmobile - When plugging a girl while she's on all fours, reach around and sweep out her arms so she falls on her face.  33. The Dutch Oven - Also well known. Whenever you fart while humping, pull the covers over her head. Don't let her out until all movement ceases.  34. Smoking Pole - Self Explanatory. Don't use fire. 35. Rusty Trombone - Getting the reacharound while getting your salad tossed. Also known as milking the prostate. 36. Turkey Shoot - When you're coming, come on her face and let it drip off her chin so it looks like that red shit on the turkey's chin. 37. Stovepiping - Taking it in the Tush. 38. Rusty Anchor - After a healthy term of the Stovepiping, the recipient gets to enjoy a good fudgesicle. 39. Sandpiper - A stovepiping on the local beach, desert, or playground sandbox. Also known as the Sandblast.  40. Lucky Pierre - the middle man in a three way buttfuck. Also known as the french sandwich. UPDATED!!!! NEW LISTINGS!!!! 41.Divortex- A mystical place into which old friends are sucked when a married couple splits up. 42.Blump- To suck someone's dick while they are taking a dump. 43.Bustard- A very rude bus driver. 44.Cold Faithful- Blowing your visibly-steaming load outside in the winter-time, like when you get your cock sucked on a ski-lift. 45.Grand pappy smash- To beat your meat so hardcore that it starts to chafe and bleed. 46.Esplanade- To attempt an explanation while drunk. 47.Flatulence- The emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller.  48.Butt Rodeo- When you're going at it with a girl, you flip her over real fast, start ramming her in the ass and yell as loud as possible "BUTT RODEO!" You then see how long you can ride her till she tosses ya off! 49.Bargoyle- The hideous old hair-spray hag who seems to live at your local watering hole. She usually smokes endlessly, spends hundreds of dollars a night on video-poker, and makes sexually threatening comments to frightened college freshmen. 50.Pasteurize- Once you get her hairy bush pasteurize, you got it licked! 51.Beerelevant- A point which does not seem to be particularly important, given enough beer 52.Mangry- Describing the anger of women who are angry at men, specifically. "She's such a bitch, she's just plain mangry." 53.Clitourist- A man who won't stop and ask for directions in bed. ie: "Because of his fouled foreplay, Suzy realized that her new boyfriend was no experienced bedroom traveler, but merely a clitourist."  54.Stuffucking- The act of "stuffing in" your limp, helpless member in hopes of getting it up. Potential causes: you're too drunk or she's too ugly. (see also; Fugly) 55.Antlers- Wide, flat, flapjack titties that come to a sharp point at the nipples. 56.The Kangmin - while a girl is reciting bad poetry, you take her from behind.  57.The Flaming Amazon- This one's for all you pyromaniacs out there. When you're screwing some chick, right when your about to cum, pull out and quickly grab the nearest lighter and set her pubes on fire, then extinguish the flames with your jizz! 58.The Screwnicorn -When a dyke puts her strap-on dildo on her forehead and proceeds to go at her partner like a crazed unicorn. 59.Split pissonality -When you're taking a leak and you get two streams out of the one hole!  60.A Short in the Cord- A "code" phrase used by the common man to refer to Testicular Tendon Tangle Syndrome. Ex. "Oh fuck! My nuts are killing me... I think I've got a short in the cord."  61.Old Jism Trail -The stream of semen oozing down the chin and chest of someone who has just finished fellating a senior citizen. 62.Abdicate -To give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach.  63.Lymph -To walk with a lisp.  64.Anal Boot- An anal boot is when you take a pitcher of beer, everyone spits in it, someone stirs it with their cock and then the mixture is poured through the crack of a man ass into the waiting mouth of the loser of a bet or drinking game.  65.Australian Death Grip- The act of grabbing a woman by the haunches/crotch and staring deeply into her eyes until you're slapped or kissed. A recommended tactic for very crowded bars. Another great opportunity for wagering among friends. 66.Fumilingus -When a man (or woman) performs cunnilingus on a woman and she farts directly in his/her face.  67.Intoxicourse- Having sexual intercourse whilst piss-drunk. 68.Valsalva -The act of pinching shut (with thumb and forefinger) a woman's nose while receiving fellatio; most effective when employed just prior to the release point due to the gag reflex and ensuing swallow that the woman is forced to do to continue breathing. A great first date ploy, as it sets the stage for what the rules of engagement will be going forward. 69.Insta-gasm -Pre-mature ejaculation at the sight of a beautiful woman. ie: "She was so fine, I had an insta-gasm before I could get her clothes off!" 70.Manual Deconstipation -This is where you get out the hand cream and go in manually for the hammerhead by breaking it into smaller chunks and pulling it out a piece at a time. 71.Post Poodum Syndrome -The feeling of depression felt after successful removal of a hammerhead. The excitement has passed, and you must now find something else to occupy your time. 72.The Homolic Maneuver -Using your penis to dislodge an object blocking a choking victim's windpipe.  73.Pegging - having a female take you in the rear with a strap on.  74. The UnderDog - after a hard session at the gym, your armpit muscle begins to twitch; thus giving you the ability to jerk a guy off with your armpit muscle.  75. The Twinkler - when you are 69ing a girl and you shove your dick into mouth hard, and you watch her a-hole "twinkle" as she gags.  76. Angry dragon - This involves the girl giving the guy head and as he is about to cum slapping the girl on the back of the head causing the cum to come out her nose. Great care should be used to not slap her mouth shut. 77. Tony Danza - a takeoff of the donkey punch is called the Tony Danza. When you are about to cum while doing a girl from behind, you say "who's the boss?" and stick it in her ass. Before she says anything you shout "TONY DANZA!" and punch her in the back of the head. 78. Alaskan firedragon - another good take off is one of the angry dragon that is called the alaskan firedragon. When a girl is giving you a blowjob, cum in her mouth unexpectedly and plug up her mouth at the same time. Then whisper in her ear "i have syphilis" so she spews it out her nose. 79. The Walrus - when she's giving u a blowjob and u cum in her mouth unexpectadly, cover up her mouth and punch her in the stomach.  80. The Fat Lip - If you get poison ivy and finger a girl, her labia lips will swell. A la, the fat lip. 81. Sleeping Bag - If you're going down on a really fat girl, you pull her enormous stomach roll of fat over your head. 82. Hummer Bird - when a girl is giving a guy a hummer, and he's enjoying it, she bites on his bird.  83. Bloody Mary - when a drunk guy is going down on a girl and without even realizing it after he's done, he realizes Mary was very Bloody 84. The Houdini - this maneuver is accomplished while going at it doggy style. As you feel you are about to cum, you pull out and spit on the small of her back (making her think you've finished...). It's at the point when she turns around when *BAM!* You bust your load in her face (in the eye if you've got proper aiming techniques down.) Also known as the Doug Hennings and the David Copperfield. 85. Upperdecking - This one takes practice. This maneuver requires a toilet with a tank above it, like the ones in most homes. Instead of crapping in the bowl, you shit in the tank (i.e. upperdecking). Now don't flush. When the following victim flushes, the rancid waste fills the bowl. If you play your cards right, it may ferment  86. Journey into darkness - This is the most disturbing of all. It entails shitting into another person's asshole. Not for beginners. 87. Rocky Balboa - dont shower for 2 weeks, then diarrhea down her throat at any point during sexual contact. 88. Rocky Balboa Title Punch - same as the Rocky Balboa, but in that non-showering 2 weeks all you eat is corn.  I don't usually do this, but I have to give credit to Sascha and Zach for the next 2. I'm only doing this because they are my bosses kids...  89. The McDonald's Quick Draw - Get your girlfriend to talk dirty into the intercom, making the order guy start to beat off. Then while pulling up to the window, have her give you falatio till you are about to blow your beefy chunk-load. Upon pulling up to the window, tell your girl friend to yell "Draw!". Then on "three", both you and the guy blow your loads either on her or eachother. 90. Uncle Jemima - the typical dirty chef at your local Denny's or other low-class food establishment who occasionally becomes disgruntled, and takes out his frustration on your meal, via "the ass wipe" or the "French Toast Strut" seen in Road Trip.  91. Airtight - this is where a girl has a cock in each of her three holes, hence, airtight. 92. The Throne of Lightning - This is done by fucking a girl while you shit in a toilet. When you're going to blow your load, turn her over and dunk her head in the toilet, while she's bobbing for your turd plummet a river of semen in her ass. Not to be confused with "Ride the Lightning," a Metallica album 93. Abe Lincoln - You're getting a girl up the ass and give her a swift donkey punch to the back of her head, knocking her unconscious. You then turn her around and jerk off and blow your load all over her face. Then you shave her beaver and take the clippings and spread it where you jizzed on her, making a beard that looks like good ol Honest Abe's.  94. Thanksgiving - Just like the holiday, Thanksgiving is when you do a girl and then she puts her two big butt cheeks on your face like holiday hams. An overcooked thanksgiving is similar to this but instead of just putting the cheeks on your head she farts on it too.  95. PEUM - An acronym coined by a group of drunk assholes that defines the annoying (and uncontrollable) tendency to piss in multiple directions after a raucous fuck: Post-Ejaculatory Urinary Misfire.  96. The Beverly Hills Whiffer -This move is restricted to those women who think they're God's gift to the world. Find a woman of the above description. Take her home and start doggie styling her. When you're about to blow, corkscrew two fingers into her ass, scraping as much shit as you can from her. Pull out your fingers, reach around her head to stick one finger in each nostril. Pull her head back so she can see you while you yell "So, you think your shit don't stink now ?!"  97. Shanghai Shampoo - Fuck a chick until you've built up a load large enough to paint a room. Blow it all in her hair, rub it in thoroughly. When it dries it will resemble the crunchy noodles often served with chop suey.  98 . Frosting the Cake - When you are about to cum, blow a load all over her chest. Then take your dick and evenly spread the Jism around the breasts and over the nipples. Then stick some candles on it and start singing "Happy Birthday." Then blow out the candles  99. Spicey Stanley - When a girl takes hot sauce and pours it on your cock. She then proceeds to give you a blowjob, making sure all of the hot sauce is gone.   Pete Mehok NaviStaff, Inc. Technical Recruiter 332 Springfield Ave Suite 210 Summit, NJ 07901 pm@navistaff.com p:908.273.6960 Ext. 104 f:908.273.6940 www.navistaff.com ~Pete MehokNaviStaff, Inc.Technical Recruiter332 Springfield Ave Suite 210Summit, NJ 07901pm@navistaff.comp:908.273.6960 Ext. 104f:908.273.6940www.navistaff.com
Leaf,  Lisa Gang wanted me to tell the night shift that tag # 25883 is not a good tag.  We tried to cancel it but for some reason WALC denied our cancel request.  Cara already spoke to Leon @ PAC regarding this issue.  The reason this tag is not a good tag is the tranny request was duplicated in another tag (25825) which is a good tag.  If you have any questions please call Cara on her cell phone.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Barry,  Here are our financial products for EOL that we would like to appear on the screen on Monday, as requested by John Zufferli. Call me if you have any questions    Stephane x6721 ~Stephanex6721
Mary,   Attached is a letter providing notification of our cancellation as authorized market for the city of Pasadena.  Please let me know if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim Ward ~Kim Ward
I have completed the organizer... I have also sent to you today my information for filing purposes. Call and let me know what else you need.  Barry  ~Barry 
Enron employees not participating in contract parking are eligible to receive Metro Bus Passes or Woodlands Express Passes.  You may pick up a bus pass from the Parking & Transportation Desk, on Level 3 of the Enron Building, from 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM.    All Metro passes offered through the Enron Parking & Transportation desk will be the Metro 30 Day Zone Pass.  When you use a 30-day zone pass, bus service is divided into four zones w/ unlimited rides.  The zone pass is time activated, which means that it will not become active until the first time it is used and will not expire until 30 days after it was used for the first time.  New passes will be available to Enron employees upon expiration of the 30 day time period. Each zone does have a different fare values based on the distance the bus travels. This is important to any buser who wants to transfer to or travel in a higher-cost zone than the zone pass they have, in this case the difference must be paid in cash.  If they are traveling in a lower cost zone, then there is no extra cost.    Parking & Transportation Desk 3-7060 ~Parking & Transportation Desk3-7060
As some of you might already know, I resigned today.  I feel fortunate and blessed to have had this experience here at Enron.  Not only have I learned a tremendous amount, but I also have met some very talented and unique people.  I am not 100% sure what I will do at this point, but I will probably be heading up to NYC in January.  I feel sad to end this chapter, yet excited as I begin a new one in my life.    As always, it has been a pleasure working with you!  Keep in touch.  I will be interested to see what happens.  Carole C. Frank Enron Net Works  713.345.3960 work 713.446.9307 cell 713.467.3860 home carole_frank@excite.com ~Carole C. FrankEnron Net Works713.345.3960 work713.446.9307 cell713.467.3860 homecarole_frank@excite.com
Here is the list of gas and power products we would like to see on the screen.     Call me if you have any questions Stephane Brodeur (403) 974-6721 ~Stephane Brodeur(403) 974-6721
Group,  There are two new paths for EPE information.  The first is for EPE schedules: This path is P:/Trading/Real Time/El Paso Schedules/Admin/El Paso Schedules/2002/Feb02/EPE_FEB_02  The second is for the EPE models: M:/Electric/EPE/EPE 2002/Models/February02/...  The estate will be settling CAPS each day (creating DA and HA finals) beginning on Friday.   Please work closely with John and Dave to get all problems resolved as quickly as possible.  Thanks, Bill ~Bill
Les,  FYI, LV COGEN went off line @ 15:00.  We called SRP to inform them of the cut and Vanessa said she sees the schedule as unit contingent so she agreed to go to zero on the schedule.  Bert ~Bert
Greetings Steve:  We have had many inquiries regarding our transportation agreements, specifically PGT, Kern River and El Paso.    Most pressing is PGT's request to market capacity on our behalf. Although I do not believe we need to have PGT perform this function, I do believe we could mitigate some demand charge exposure for "the estate".    Are you available to meet with Barry and I first thing tomorrow morning? We need to have an answer for PGT's request. We need to know what the contractual rights are for 1) the pipeline when a shipper declares bankruptcy and 2) our ability to mitigate demand charge exposure by releasing capacity on a short term basis (month at a time?).  Better yet, can we unilaterally turn capacity back to any of these pipes or do we need to reach some type of court approved settlement?  Obviously, we have many questions. Please advise of your ability to meet ASAP.  Thanks,  Stephanie   ~Stephanie
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
Barry, attached is a copy of one of our latest fundamentals packages.  Dean~Dean
Ryan:  Please be aware that on the days of the 14, 15, and 16 of July.  I need to help my wife pack and unpack for our move to downtown Portland.  Any consideration you can arrange will be greatly appreciated.    Give me a call with any questions or concerns  Bert ~Bert
FYI -  All trades done on behalf of El Paso will now be directly billed by El Paso. This means three things for us:  1. Format of the model stays the same.  2. Deals do not go into Enpower. 3. "Counterparty" in the model must show the billing counterparty only (to simplify Kathy's settlement process).  *Per El Paso, please try to market their power through SRP, PNM, PAC, and LADWP only.* These are the counterparties El Paso has contacted regarding our new arrangement.   Please let me know if you have questions.  Thanks,  Kate ~Kate
Please find attached a draft agreement for the purchase of EPMI's position with Santa Clara.   Peter Meier~Peter Meier
I had a problem with CAPS again (profile error).  Last time you said that is was a problem with the mapping of the H: drive.  Login:  janders3  JohnAnderson Realtime ~JohnAndersonRealtime
I hope you had a Merry Christmas.  We are having a great time.  Lucci and I are working with Ed Mc Michael on selling of the storage today.  If you need me call me on my cellphone or email me.   Take care,   Mark~Mark
Dave, I don't know if you received this original message or not.... we will cancel today's meeting. If you need to reach me, call in...   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
This may be too early, but just in case....I will save the good-byes until they become absolutely necessary.  Could I have your outside e-mails and possibly your phone #'s?  If you feel uncomfortable giving these to me, that is o.k.  The following is my information.   Carole C. Frank carole_frank@excite.com 713.446.9307 cell 713-467-3860 home send from my phone ~Carole C. Frankcarole_frank@excite.com713.446.9307 cell713-467-3860 home
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Frank ~Frank
I checke our Historical Caps for these deals and i am certain that we bought from and sold to Reliant (NES1) for hour ending 11.  If this were not the case we would have failed phase 2 with the ISO.  I am searching my notes for the price and whom I spoke with at Reliant.  Regards,   Bert  ~Regards, Bert 
We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco.  So far, we have primarily focussed on the mid/back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors.  Several plans are in the final stages of completion including:-  + Infrastructure  Jenny Rub + Development  Jay Webb + EnronOnline  Webb / Forster + HR   David Oxley + Cash Management Tom Myers + Credit   Debbie Brackett  The rest will be completed shortly.  We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus. John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration"  plans by January 7th, 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups.  The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible.  I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help.  Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually.  Customer Side  + Customers  Phase  1 - First Week (eg top 10)     Phase  2 - First Month (eg top 50)     Phase  3 - First Quarter (eg top 100) + Action Plan  Phase  1 Customers     Phase  2 Customers     Phase  3 Customers + Contracts by customers (pre-prepared with credit terms etc) + Customer visit schedule  Product Side + List of Products Phase 1 - First Week     Phase 2 - First Month     Phase 3 - First Quarter  Target Number of Transactions + Phase 1 + Phase 2 + Phase 3  IT transfer   Louise~Louise
Barry,  Wuold you please send an email to Diana Willigerod (cc:'ed above) authorizing her to provide me with a secon screen for EOL.   Thanks,  Dave ~Dave
Bill:  For yet another day we seem to be having problems including all the schedules in our EPE schedule sheet.  Tag 52159 was not included (25mw schedule to LADWP).  I think part of the problem is some counterparties are not including EPMIWE as a PSE.  Fortunately, the dispatchers had the schedule and informed me of the problem.  I then called LADWP and WESCO to checkout with them.  If this did not happen we wouldn't have known what the deal was.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Bert ~Bert
Kathy:  Please find the enclosed epe model for 01/25/02:      Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Amy,  Please note that I would like to interview for the trader assistant positions for both the cash desk and the term desk.  Bert Meyers Portland WSCC Real Time Desk 503-880-5315 ~Bert MeyersPortland WSCC Real Time Desk503-880-5315
Barry, hope that you had a great Christmas.  Just wanted to touch base. I am continuing to handle some issues from home on KeySpan and some Florida contracts.  I am not scheduled back until Jan 3.  Let me know if I can do anything.  Frank -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Hafrank vickers~Frank
Good Afternoon FSP users,  We have just finished a comprehensive FSP rebuild & testing phase for the next release of FSP.  The rebuild should address all the issues raised in the previous go-live as well as some additional capabilities for robustness.  Please note that we have already executed several hundred different test case scenarios & performed some stress testing using data before the Enron collapse.  What we need now is help from you to continue to identify enhancements and/or bugs with FSP so that we can go-live with FSP once the new company starts trading.  Susan Amador will be available to help in any testing.  You should probably also coordinate with her when you are about to start testing so that our continuing testing doesn't interfere with your testing.  PWRTESTN & PWRTESTP should be all setup for your use.  Here are some of the bug fixes & enhancements we have rolled-out with this latest release: 1.  Bid Curve - Ability to bid on zero volumes (for import, export, and wheels) 2.  Rebuild of all FSP application utilizing Direct Oracle Access components for faster database access & higher reliability. 3.  Bug Fixes on database commits to eliminate database "deadlocks". 4.  New aggregation scout to "stream-line" the template writing process & improve template writing performance. 5.  SQL tuned "Hour Ahead" template writing.  Confirmed performance of 1min 30 seconds on heavy transaction volume days. 6.  And many other small previously unidentified bugs.  We are very excited about this newest release and are looking forward to your feedback over the next couple of days.  Susan will probably be your best contact but please feel free to contact me at anytime.  Thanks,  TDavid Poston # 713-345-7834 ~TDavid Poston# 713-345-7834
Mark and Scott,  Attached is a letter that covers the inventory transfer.  If it's a go please revise as necessary sign and fax.  Thanks.  Jim Griffin Manager, Gas Transmission Marketing Montana Power Company 40 East Broadway Butte, MT  59701 Phone:  406-497-2806 Fax:      406-497-2054 Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> ~Jim GriffinManager, Gas Transmission MarketingMontana Power Company40 East BroadwayButte, MT  59701Phone:  406-497-2806Fax:      406-497-2054Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> 
The available interruptible transportation service (IT and  secondary FT) on Transco for pipeline day Monday, December 24, 2001 and continuing until further notice is summarized as follows:  Tier I and Tier II (only Sta. 90 through Sta. 180 affected)     0   MDt/day  South Virginia Lateral Compressor Station 167 144 MDt/day  Tier III (Station 180 through East)   0   MDt/day  Leidy at Centerville Regulator Station (Only deliveries downstream of Centerville regulator affected)     100 MDt/day  Linden Regulator Station (Located in Union County, New Jersey)  100 MDt/day  Mobile Bay Lateral        162 MDt/day  The above available interruptible transportation service  refers to deliveries into the affected area that have  receipts upstream of the bottleneck or affected area.  If you have any questions, please call John McGrath at (713)  215-2514 or Donna C. Long at (713) 215-4061.  J. E. McGrath Manager Operations Planning ~J. E. McGrathManagerOperations Planning
Davette,  We need to credit Barry Tycholiz (P # 564185) with 40 hrs extra vacation time.  His offer letter said that he would receive an additional 40 hrs vacation.  He has not yet been credited with the extra hrs.  He should be receiving a total of 160 hrs vacation.  Please let me know when this has been completed.  Thanks, Ben ~Ben
Mary,  Attached is a letter notifying Socal Gas that Enron Administrative Services is no longer the authorized marketer for Jefferson Smurfit Corp & Stone Container Corp.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination ~Kim WardManager, West Gas Origination
Guys,  I have prepared the schedule for September already.  If there are any conflicts that you have please see me on an individual basis.    Thanks,  Bert ~Bert
input~output































































































input~output
Sean,  Attached is our response to your request for a description of the steps Enron is taking to improve flows to the Griffith power plant.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim ~Kim
The New Year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into NETCO.  Obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized.  The main areas to focus on over the next week are:-  (i)  Re-start/Integration Plans (due on Jan 7)    To be forwarded to Louise   These plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible.    The current restart date is January 21, 2001 but may be pushed forward to January 14, 2002.  (ii) Budget (due Jan 3, 2002)      To be forwarded to Faith Killen   First year budget to include all start up costs (some of which can be amortized) (iii) Seating Plans        Tammy Shepperd to co-ordinate  We need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the Enron South building.  I have asked Tammy Shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around January 11,2002. (iv) Due Diligence  We continue the process with two new companies this week (Wednesday and Thursday). Andy Zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on Wednesday, please help him with his requirements.  I would ask that both John and I are notified of any changes to the Netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis.  Please forward all alterations to Jeanie Slone who has responsibility for the master list.  Communication - I believe that the New Year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on Netco and what our policies are.  I am asking David Oxley to co-ordinate with all of you on this.  I know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible.  If you are unavailable this week, please ensure you delegate this work out.  Happy New Year  Louise~Louise
Tom:  Buffalo Gap would be just fine.  Bert ~Bert
Will we be acting as agent for Pasadena in January?  Should we turn this contract back?  Let me know what your thoughts are.  Mike~Mike
We are continuing work to ensure our new online trading system, UBSWenergy, is ready for launch on the week of Feb. 11, which is the week following the anticipated Enron/UBS Closing Date of Friday, Feb. 8.  To assist in this process, we are planning an online trading simulation for Thursday, February 7 from  0900 to 1100 (CST). It is planned to include all  traders, originators, mid/back-office staff and IT teams who would normally be involved with electronic trading.  Purpose of the simulation - The simulation will test our "live" trading environment (restricted to internal access only) and will:  Test the integrity and functionality of the system and related processes (including credit, risk, legal, operations, etc.) Provide an opportunity for traders to verify their products and product setup Demonstrate how the trading system and processes work to UBS staff visiting next week  Nature of the simulation - The simulation will include testing of all processes related to trading and mid/back-office functions:  Credit, Legal, Risk, Operations, and other groups: Profile tests for "external" customers (role-played by Originators) Profile tests for internal users (traders, back-office, etc.) Data and Process checking as completed transactions flow through Mid/back-Office systems  Traders and Originators: Traders will be managing their individual books and associated products. Although we may be restricted to certain financial products on launch day, both physical and financial will be available during the simulation. Each trader will be asked to manage their individual position and profitability goals for the simulation. Originators and others will be asked to play the roles of counterparties. Credit limits, etc. will be tested during the simulation.  Information Technology: Will assist in preparing data on the system for the simulation. After the simulation is over, will work with the relevant groups to test the trade-data in various systems and risk books Will ensure all simulation data is removed from the system after the simulation is complete.   Next steps   Traders and Originators will be contacted prior to simulation day to ensure they have appropriate access to the system. Originators will be assigned specific roles. You should expect to receive an email and/or handout on or before Wednesday, Feb. 6. UBSWenergy personnel will be meeting with back office personnel over the next several days to ensure everything is in place for the simulation.   Summary  This simulation is an important step towards re-launching our trading business. We appreciate the participation of everyone involved as we prepare for the public launch of UBS Warburg Energy and the UBSWenergy trading platform.  If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or ideas regarding this simulation, please feel free to contact Bob Shults (30397) or myself (31861).    Regards, Dave Forster 713.853.1861 E-Mail: David.Forster@enron.com ~Dave Forster713.853.1861E-Mail:	David.Forster@enron.com
**For New UBS employees***  I am going to send all of our File Migration compliance forms in one batch, so give them to me when you have signed the Document Migration Certificate. I will be sending this the evening of the 8th.  If you don't know who I am or what this is about, ask Dave Steiner or any of the Admins.  Thanks,  Cara Freeland ~Cara Freeland
Chris,  I put a buy resale deal in Enpower under your book for 274 MW on peak today.  If for some reason it does not relate to you please inform us so we can research it a little bit further.  The deal number is 724362.  Thanks,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
To whom it may concern:  Tags numbered 33079 (5mw) and 33086 (20mw) were cut for a number of hours.    HE 08 and HE 09: Both tags were cut and nobody informed any of the counter parties that the tags were cut until about 25minutes into the last hour of the cuts.  I initially heard of the cuts from Larry @ MEANMN and immediately called each person in the path to inform them of the cut situation.  No action was taken for these two hours.  HE 13: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from APS to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $25.00.  HE 17: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from LADWP to cover the cut and had it delivered to Palo Verde @ a price of $44.00.  Will @ PNM agreed to having the power delivered @ a different location.  HE 18 and HE 19: Both tags were cut and we purchased 25mw from SRP to cover the cut and had it delivered to four corners 345 @ a price of $45.00.  HE 20: Tag 33086 was cut to 0 (total of 20mw) steve merriss bought power from El Paso for $45.00.  Steve Merriss input the cut note into the lotus database.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Friends and Co-Workers:  You are hereby cordially invited to a pre-holiday office lunch this Thursday at approximately 11:30 a.m, courtesy of the Trading Attorneys.  LEGAL NOTICE:  Christian Yoder and Steve Hall (hereinafter "we" or "our" or "us" ) intend to pay for the food (which will probably, but not necessarily, be pizza and salad) with post-petition Chapter 11 salary dollars that have already cleared our respective individual bank accounts and, therefore, by joining us in the meal ("Lunch") you will not be exposed to any retroactive claw-back risk by way of the Cash Account Committee.  We are also investigating the possibility of providing a limited quantity of a certain kind of beverage ("Beer") under a provisional waiver of the defunct pre-petition Company's drinking policies, subject to approval by the Estate's Liquor Control Board which is being sought on an expedited basis.         We feel like making this modest holiday gesture for several reasons:   1.  It has been a pleasure working with you all during the past year. 2.  We are optimistic about this office's prospects in the upcoming year. 3.  American Express forgot to cancel our Corporate Cards.  We hope you will join us for a free lunch as we look forward to a prosperous New Year.  Christian and Steve       ~Christian and Steve      
Tom:  If it is not too much trouble, I would prefer to meet downtown.  I now live downtown and currently do not have a car.  If that is not possible, its no big deal, I will just take a cab over to the buffalo gap.  Just let me know...  Bert ~Bert
Mark and Eric,  John Malowney here in the Portland office is trying to assist Louisiana-Pacific in financially hedging their overall gas exposure.  The attached e-mail and spreadsheet outline the basics.  Essentially, he would like to group their plants into 5 or 6 general pricing regions for parsimony.  At this point, we are looking for assistance roughly grouping these plants together.  Obvioulsy, If L-P is interested in this type of hedge, we will be contacting you for further assistance in obtaining quotes.  L-P has made it clear that they wish to deal with only one point-man at Enron and John has that role.  He is currently out of the office, so you should get back to me with any questions or needed clarifications.  Thanks for your assistance.  Please contact me by phone (503.464.8122) or e-mail.  Todd A. Perry~Todd A. Perry
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Dorie, is there a different charge for one day vs the next?  ( you us Canadians, always looking for the deal ).   Barry  ~Barry 
Please be advised that:  A counterparty that wants to terminate a contract needs to send a letter of termination via fax to (713) 646-3227             The termination letter needs to include:   1.) List of contracts being terminated   2.) Calculation of termination payment   3.) Expectation of payments if applicable    A counterparty that unwinds deals does not mean a contract its null and void; the counterparty is still liable for the existing deals governed by the contract  Please forward this on to anyone who needs this information.  Thanks,  Susan *7086 ~Susan*7086
I HAD TO MAKE SOME MINOR ALTERATIONS TO THE SCHEDULES FOR AUGUST AND SEPTEMBER BECAUSE MEIR IS OUT OF TOWN ON SOME OF THE DAYS.  I KNEW OF THIS ONLY AFTER I HAD MADE THE SCHEDULES.  IT AFFECTS ONLY A COUPLE OF MEMBERS IN THE GROUP.  SORRY FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.  BERT ~BERT
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim~Kim
Kim, can you call me upon receipt of this e-mail.. I require a confirm to be raised as part of a complicated three way transaction.   Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587.  ~Barry Tycholiz - 713-853-1587. 
FYI -  The Southwest OASIS website (for PNM, SRP, NEVP, EPE, SMUD, SPP, and LADWP transmission reservations) has given us a new login ID and password. Don Norman is no longer our site administrator; Les Rawson has taken that title. I registered us with two user names and passwords, which are as follows:   Login: rxtime12  Password: epmipower   Login: kxsymes1  Password: realtime  Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this new procedure.  Thanks, Kate ~Kate
For all cuts the following procedures apply...  1.) Notes as usual  2.) In the Enpower Path Confirmation, we need to make cuts as Path Confirms. Enter comments in the confirmed section. We will be zeroing Enpower deals out on Monday (hint: NOTES are VERY important--All CUTS must be notated and the notes must be put in the accordion folders).  3.) Try to have the counterparties continue any paths around us. Just "bow out" gracefully if you have no other options with the words "L - D's."  4.) If we are cut by a generator/utility going into California, we must call the HA desk at California and tell them the increment that we will be underscheduling our load by. For example, EPE will be cutting all schedules going into California on light load (100 mws). If we cannot resupply the schedules we need to tell the state that we are underscheduling our load by 100 mws. THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. We have posted an LC with Cali for this reason.  Also, EPE will be long RT 100 mws off-peak as they are no longer selling to us. 25 mws should be sold to TEP to cover a forward schedule. Stacy has set this up at PV. Please do this as a direct bill with EPE. As of Jan 01, 2002 we will no longer be marketing for EPE. Also, PV#3 will be coming off this weekend, and FC#4 will be down from HE 22 on Saturday through HE 06 on Sunday.  This will probably not be a fun weekend.  I appreciate your help.   Bill ~Bill
Courtney:  Thought you might like to know that there were numerous cuts last night and into the morning hours.    They are as follows:  05/06/01 ISO cut import @ Four corners 9MW for HE 19 and Export @ Summit 9MW for HE 19. The same schedule was cut for by 21MW for HE 21 thru 22.  For HE 23 the ISO cut a 21MW import @ PV and the corresponding export @ Summit.  For all these hours, the ISO kept our buy resale whole with NCPA SP15 to NP15.  PAC Cut tag 14987 PSCO_AEPMWE_EPMIWE_EPMEWE_AVWP00 25 MW for HE 19-24.  PSCO booked out with Avista Water Power (WWP)  05/06/01.   05/07/01 PAC was cutting tag 14988 PSCO_EPMI_MECOLB_AVSTWE_CHPD 25MW for HE 01.  PSCO booked out with Avista Energy Trading (CHPD) 05/07/01.  CISO cut schdule EPMI_CISO_5000 and EPMI_CISO_5001 by 1MW each at PV.  We resold the power to SRP for $5.00.  Not a great price but everyone in the SW was getting cut at the same time.  The new deals in Enpower are as follows:  602984 and 602985.  If you have any questions please see cut note or lotus notes.  Also this morning the ISO was cutting and SC trade with NES1 in SP15 and dec'd load in PGE 1, 2, and 3.  Must be Path 15 Congestion.  Regards,   Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Sorrry I missed  your call.... I am in all day today. Call me back if you need to speak with me.   BT   3-1587. ~BT   3-1587. 
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
We have reached resolution regarding the parking and mass transit issue.  Until notified otherwise, the parking and mass transit subsidy will continue as an employee benefit.   For those who have a payroll parking deduction, your deduction has been stopped.  No deduction should occur on 12/31/01 payroll.  In addition, you should receive a credit for the deduction taken for the 12/15 payroll.    For those who incurred any out-of-pocket parking costs during the month of December, you may expense up to $89 for reimbursement.    Beginning 1/1/02, parking and mass transit will continue as follows:  WTC Parking:  You should receive your parking pass in the mail. Payroll deductions will begin on the 1/15/02 paycheck. (No Action Req'd)  Outside Parking Lots:  Park at lot of your choice and pay out of pocket.  Request reimbursement of up to $89 per month. (No payroll parking deduction will occur)  Tri-Met and MAX employees:  Passes are available for January.  If you would like to pick up your pass, please see Debra Davidson.     NOTE:  Extra Tri-Met passes are available.  If you would like to select mass transit as your parking option, please notify either Grace or myself before Friday, 12/21/01 EOB and we will insure a monthly pass is available.  Validations:  We will no longer validate parking passes, however, you are able to reimburse up to $89 per month for daily parking.  If you have any questions, please let us know!   ENA Human Resources Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404  Grace Rodriguez 503) 464-8321 ~ENA Human ResourcesJulie Kearney503) 464-7404Grace Rodriguez503) 464-8321
Please make sure to check the new schedule for real time for the rest of the month of August.  Due to Ryan becomming the EOL trader for real time...we had to make some adjustments to the schedule.  I tried to make as fair for all as possible.  If you have any concerns please see me to see if there is anything I can do to help.  Also please give me any requests for Sept as I am going to be making it soon.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Realtime group- This occurs when your H drive is not mapped.  To fix the mapping, follow the instructions at:  http://172.17.172.62/rt/tips/mapHdrive.html  Hope this helps!  John Oh Enron North America  503.464.5066 121 SW Salmon Street  503.701.1160 (cell) 3WTC 0306   503.464.3740 (fax) Portland, OR 97204   John.Oh@Enron.com ~John OhEnron North America		503.464.5066121 SW Salmon Street		503.701.1160 (cell)3WTC 0306			503.464.3740 (fax)Portland, OR 97204			John.Oh@Enron.com
For those of you that will be in the office after New Year's, we will begin an informal fundies meeting each day to cover what has happened in the market since we filed for bankruptcy.  We will go over pipeline flows, storage balances, weather, monthly and daily prices, etc. With a few of the Banks showing interest in showing a bid, I thought it would be good for us to begin our preparation to trade the market.  Chris Gaskill will be providing the daily packet and Patti Sullivan will provide the daily operations report.     I was thinking that we should start around 9:30 each morning.  Grigsby~Grigsby
Judy, what is the proper mailing address in Calgary that my supporting documents should be sent to.  Also, should I include a blank cheque to you for payment to the Canadian Taxes or do you want me to wait until we know what the amount is.   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
Tom:  Earlier I wrote that it would be easier for me to meet downtown because I don't have my car.  However, Molly has made an unexpected trip to PA so I have her car.  Meeting @ the Buffalo Gap is not a problem anymore.  Bert ~Bert
I have reviewed the master physical gas agreements for the 10 counterparties (excluding trading companies) at the top of the exposure list to determine whether the contracts contemplate one-way or two-way payments.  1.  Petro Canada Oil & Gas - One Way 2.  Canadian Natural Resources - Two Way 3.  Marathon Canada Limited - One Way 4.  Husky Oil Operations Limited - One Way 5.  Murphy Canada Exploration Company - One Way 6.  Encal Energy Ltd. - One Way 7.  Talisman Energy Inc. - One Way 8.  Premstar Energy Canada Ltd. - Two Way 9.  Rio Alto Exploration Ltd. - One Way 10.  Sunoco Inc. - Two Way  The basic operation of a one way payment provision is that, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position based upon the Early Termination Damages calculation, the Early Termination Damages are deemed to be zero and the non-defaulting party is not required to pay that amount to the defaulting party (the defaulting party's position is wiped out).  However, we would still be entitled, prior to default, to call for collateral where a counterparty's out-of-the money position is in excess of its collateral threshold, which would provide us with security to ensure the counterparty continues to pay.  In addition, if the counterparty failed to post such collateral, they would be in default, we could terminate the contract and, as the non-defaulting party, we would be in a position to realize on our in-the-money position.  If, after we received the collateral, we were then to become insolvent or otherwise default under the master, the counterparty could terminate the contract, our mark-to-market position would be wiped out and we would be required to return any unused collateral.  The operation of a two way payment provision is that the early termination damages are calculated by the non-defaulting party and whoever has a net in-the-money position based upon such calculation is owed the termination payment, regardless of whether such party is the defaulting or non-defaulting party.  In other words, unlike a one way payment, if the defaulting party has a net in-the-money position upon termination of the contract, the non-defaulting party will be required to pay that amount to the defaulting party.  Therefore, if we were to become insolvent or otherwise default under a master and we had a net in-the-money position under that master, the counterparty could terminate the contract but we would still be owed our mark-to-market position.  The other point to consider in the situation where there is a two way payment provision is that, of the three counterparty masters above that contain two way payments, all three also contain cherry picking language that, upon the occurrence of an event of default other than insolvency, allows the non-defaulting counterparty to pick and choose which transactions to terminate.  In other words, the counterparty need not terminate all transactions, which could effect the amount otherwise owed to the defaulting party.  Even with cherry-picking, upon the occurrence of an insolvency, all transactions are deemed to terminate, so cherry picking would not be a factor.  You had also asked whether the failure by a party to call for collateral when it is entitled to under a contract would have an impact on the ability of such party to collect on a termination payment owed to it upon termination of the contract.  Other than the fact that the failure to call for collateral may mean that we do not hold credit support that would be usable to offset a termination payment owing if the party obligated to pay fails to pay, the right to call for collateral is just that, a right and not an obligation, and the failure to call for collateral does not colour the right of the party owed the termination payment to require it be paid.  Let me know if you need anything further with respect to this matter.  Greg ~Greg
Hi Bertmeister! Good to have you back in the UBS fold. It is also good to hear all is going well for you and Molly. I would look forward to getting together sometime, perhaps for breakfast next Tuesday or Wednesday (2/5 or 2/6). Let me know which works for you.  Tom ~Tom
PAC NW 503-813-5389 PAC SW 503-813-5374 Old number get busy tones Enjoy Leaf ~Leaf
Group,  As of HE2 this morning, our contract with MPC was ended. For the time being, we will no longer be balancing MPC's load.  Also, we can only purchase up to 100 mws from APS transmission. Please do not put wheels in to relieve congestion for over 100 mws. But do check the transmission availability on the website and maximize our ability to relieve congestion with APS in the Southwest. These should be the only congestion wheels that we run.  Also, please use PNM not AEP for any sleeving for EPE.  Thanks,  Bill ~Bill
Barry, Call Melissa Murphy X.31886 ...she is my lead on Power and can create the confirm for you.  Kim send from my phone ~Kim
Bill:  Please note the following due to the past two days schedules have been wrong in the EPE Schedules in Excel:  Tag number 6181 has been cancelled (50mw to the CISO).  Lending is wrong in the EPE schedules (it is 75mw from PSCO instead of 50mw).  SPS is wrong for HE 08 (it is 130mw instead of 100mw).  I thought you might like to since this is the only income we have currently for real-time and a major screw-up could hurt our relationship.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Bert,  EnronOnline Production Cluster - Use Corp Log In  EnronOnline Stack Manager User ID: bmeyers Password: bmeyers  Please let me know if you have any questions.   Thank you,  Stephanie Sever EnronOnline 713-853-3465 ~Stephanie SeverEnronOnline713-853-3465
Mike, please ensure that as part of the dealer price quote process, we secure a long term quote to establish a MTM on this transaction. The particulars of the structure are.  Est Volume:      5,000 - 50,000 MMbtu/day  Start Date:     June 1, 2003 - May 30, 2020  Delivery Point: El Paso Keystone Pool  Pricing Reference Point:        Gas Dailiy Daily Index Electronic Index Midpoint or the Gas Daily Daily Index Midpoint.    We need the index two way if that is possible.   Thanks, BT ~BT 
Here is a schedule that I received from Phillip.    I'm not sure if I'm reading the schedule correctly, but here are some items to think about:  1) The price to Trigen is a 3 month average of NGW and IF for Z3 and Z4 times a premium. 2) Because only one month at a time rolls off the books, there will always be an OA variance. 3) The OA variance due to the 3 month rolling average will eventually flatten out over time. 4) This OA variance, however, doesn't address the fact that Andy is getting 50% Z3 and 50% Z4 and having to deliver Z4. 5) For November 2001, there was some gas that was delivered at Z3, but the price was not adjusted for fuel and transport, so if  you deliver gas at Station 65, you do not get the same price as you would for Station 85.  Hopefully this makes sense.  Diane x-37059 ~Dianex-37059
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Thanks,Frank ~Frank
Mark, further to our conversation... Mercado transacted with Enron North America under the terms and conditions of a financial transaction and these transactions have been or will be settled financially, however these transactions could have been set up as physical.  The structure of the transaction changes as a result of a few variables, including the price,day of cash settlement, and curtailment issues on San Jan deliveries which would then automatically convert the fixed price portion to 100% load factor and settlement would be on 100% of the volume regardless as to what physically flowed.   Please call me if there are any questions regarding this note.     Barry  Tycholiz Vice President, Enron North America~Barry  TycholizVice President, Enron North America
Please attend the subject meeting in at 9:00 AM on Wednesday, 12/19 in ECS 06716 (next to the credit war room).  Invite anyone you think needs to be there.  If you have any questions, please ask. Regards, Ed ~Ed
To Whom it may concern:  Tag 23841 was cut by 50 MW for HE 01 and HE 02.  Wally @ NEVP said he heard of the cut @ 23:30 on 06/27/01 but he neglected to call us and tell us about the cut.  The reason for the cut was PAC non-firm tranny being cut that PSCO bought.  However they sold us a firm product.  PNM didn't know about the cut either until their reliability person told them they were pushing power on the grid (Approx. time of notification 01:20).  We booked out with PSCO and PNM for HE 01 and HE 02 on the 4C345 part of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  For HE 03 25 MW was cut and we booked out with PSCO and PNM on the 4C345 piece of the transaction (deals 666385 and 666387).  PSCO resupplied the power for HE 03 from SRP @ Mead 230.   The same thing happened for HE 06 as HE 03.  SRP resupplied  the power for HE 06.  I bought back for HE 06 from PSCO @ 4C345 and resold the power to SRP.  The deals are in the RT Inc. sheet for the 28th of June.  After the fact, I spoke with Ryan @ PSCO and he agreed to be billed liquidated damages for HE 01 and HE 02 on the MEAD 230 part of the transaction (06:00 on Kate Symes Phone).   Please Call with question,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Thanks for your interest in the Assistant Trader positions.  We have had sixteen people express interest in this role.  Based on the criteria listed below, you have been selected to be interviewed for this role.  Been in a trading or scheduling position for at least one year. Consistently received high performance ratings through the PRC process. Has consistently pursued a trading role as a career objective.  We are hoping to hold interviews during the next two days and make our decision by the end of the week.  The interviews will be conducted by members of the trading team.  Please send me an e-mail to let me know when you WON'T be available during the next few days.  You will be going through three separate half hour interviews with Crandall/Scholtes, Richter/Mallory, and Belden/Swerzbin.  Thanks.  Regards, Tim via mobile ~Tim
Welcome to UBS Warburg Energy, LLC  All UBS Warburg Energy, LLC employees are invited to join us for breakfast and happy hour on  Friday, February 8, 2002.  Breakfast, 8:15 a.m., here on the 3rd floor.  Happy Hour, 3:00 p.m., appetizers and drinks (2), Fernando's Hideaway, 824 SW First Avenue (upstairs)   We hope you will join us! Chris and Tim ~Chris and Tim
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:  TODAY I BOUGHT TRANNY FROM APS FOR THE FOLLOWING HOURS AND IN THE FOLLOWING AMOUNTS FROM PALO VERDE TO FOUR CORNERS 345:  HE 01:  15MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26810  HE 02:  47MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26812  HE 03:  20MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26813             50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26814--PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WAS A MISTAKE BUT I REALIZED IT TOO LATE TO TAKE THE SCHEDULE TO ZERO.   HE 04:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26816  HE 06:  50MW ON OASIS NUMBER 26817   PLEASE CALL ME WITH ANY QUESTION--503-880-5315  REGARDS,  BERT MEYERS ~BERT MEYERS
To Whom this may concern:  Please note that Colstrip tripped @ approx. 13:20 today.  I picked up tranny from BPA (Mid-C to MPC SYS) for 62 MW.  The first hour of the cut was an integrated number of 41MW.  After Starting HE 15 on the cut was for the full 62 MW each hour.  The deal numbers affected by this cut were reduced by the appropriate amount (711291 and 709803) and new deals were made to correct enpower.  These new deals are 714148 and 714150.  If you have any questions please see me.  My number @ the real time desk is 1-800-684-1336.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Is exclusively gas.   Can you add to your list?  ($13 mm)  Thanks,  David ~David
Here's the draft that we discussed on Friday morning. Please take a look at it and let me know what you think (Jim is on vacation in New York this week). We've kept it brief. We put the upstream capacity in here in case you had achieved any further clarity on the disposition of those contracts, but it should be easy to remove if needed. We also changed from a two-month term to a three-month term because in the event that neither of us terminates the contracts by Feb. 15, we could then extend this agreement if we desired and not end up trying to sell the awkward block of March/April. Please let me know if you have any questions, and I look forward to discussing the draft. Thanks, and talk to you soon.   <<enron revised dec 17__.doc>>   Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com 503-833-4350 ~Leslie.Ferron-Jones@neg.pge.com503-833-4350
Tag number 25430 was cut for HE 19 by 3 MW.  This was a buy from LV Cogen and a sell to SRP.  I resupplied the power from EPEC in the hour from El Paso Electric for $50 and gave it to SRP @ Palo Verde.  I spoke to Mike @ SRP for this deal and he agreed. In enpower I have made deals for a buy from EPE and a sell to LV Cogen under the ST West Services Book.  The deals are 666355 and 66356.  If you have any question please give me a call on the West short term services desk.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
            FT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.3771        1.9463     2.7347   Zone 5                2.4353        1.9961     2.7998   Zone 6                2.4823        2.0363     2.8524      IT                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4178        1.9870     2.7754   Zone 5                2.6210        2.1818     2.9855   Zone 6                2.7765        2.3305     3.1466     FTG                   AVG.          BUY        SELL   ------                ------        ------     ------   Zone 1                2.2930        1.8650     2.6200        Zone 2                2.3285        1.9000     2.6700   Zone 3                2.3640        1.9350     2.7200   Zone 4                2.4449        2.0141     2.8025   Zone 5                2.7448        2.3056     3.1093                           AVG.          BUY        SELL                         ------        ------     ------   FTNT                  2.3820        1.9600     2.7200   For information concerning cash out transactions, please contact Casilda Vasquez at (713)215-4504.  Thanks, Stella Yu Manager - Rate Systems (713)215-3381 ~Stella YuManager - Rate Systems(713)215-3381
Barry, what did you do to the company!?  Listen, sorry to hear about the  problems at ENRON.  What a strange turn of events.  It is pretty bizarre  after 10 years of ENRON being the model for other companies on how to  succeed in the energy industry. What's your take on why it happened?  We get  a little bit of news down here but we're a little out of touch.  How are you taking it?  Are you pissed? Do you feel like you squeezed pretty  much what you wanted out of the job? What's the next thing for Barry Tic?   Well, like all of life's curve-balls there is always something sweet in the  next pitch you get (jeez, how sappy is that!).  Anyway, hope you're taking  it all with the good nature you always do.  Hey, maybe this will give you the chance to take a holiday in Ecuador  (Christmas turkey at our house this year?).  Say hi to Kim for us, drop me a  line as soon as you can (a better address to reach me is craigh@ph.com.ec).   Sorry I haven't sent a note before this but you know we are always rooting  for you.  Your pal, Craig. ~Craig.
Your EnronOnline user ID and password is noted below.  To reach the EnronOnline web site, please use: www.enrononline.com <http://www.enrononline.com>.   User ID: EOL59876 Password: WELCOME!   Please note that the User ID and password will need to be in upper case.  Please contact the EnronOnline helpdesk if you have any questions or problems getting into the system.  Helpdesk# 713-853-4357  Thanks, Cecil John X3-6259 ~Cecil JohnX3-6259
Barry,  How are you? Just want to say hi. It must be a very hectic week and stressful. With the talents of people at Enron such as yourself being the major asset of the company, the industry recognizes that fact. I am sure that you will do well. In the mean time, hold tight, pray, and have faith.   Keep in touch.   Joseph Cheung send from my phone ~Joseph Cheung
Mr. Meyers-  I received your request from eHR.com this morning. Please let me know what kinds of information you would like so I can best direct your request. Thank you very much.  ________________________________________ Gary Hewitt Web Content Manager Watson Wyatt Worldwide 1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006 tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953 gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com ~Gary HewittWeb Content ManagerWatson Wyatt Worldwide1717 H Street NW * Washington, DC 20006tel: 202-715-7098 * fax: 202-715-4953gary.hewitt@watsonwyatt.com * http://www.watsonwyatt.com
This message is only relevant for those going to UBS.  When exporting your EMAIL messages listed in the instructions or via the Outlook Export utility, attachments WILL NOT BE SAVED! There will be a better solution to exporting your Email messages and all your attachments emailed later today.  Thank you, John Oh via mobile ~John Oh
Donald,  Ralph from the Alberta Power Pool called to review tag #22872.  He is wondering if this tag should run both this sunday and the next sunday.  If you could please check it out when you have some time on Monday for the following week he would certainly appreciate it.  If there is no problem with the tag then he said not to bother.  The main issue is that the schedule will flow for this weekend.    Any questions please give me a call.  Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Tom:  I would be delighted to meet with you over breakfast.  I am available for both of the times you suggested, just name the time and the place.  Regards,  Bert ~Bert
Hi. Just thought I'd see how you were holding up in light of the circumstances. Planning on coming back to the great white north for Xmas? Give us a call sometime. Bryn ~Bryn
Following is an email I have sent to my group, outlining a process to ensure everyone is on board and nothing falls through the cracks.  David ~David
Bill:  Last night as I was trying to log onto the ADS machine I kept getting a server error.  You will probably want to let one of the IT guys know of this problem  Bert ~Bert
Thanks to each of you who help in the review process yesterday.  As many of you know, we found that several of the contracts that we reviewed did reconcile with the Total Exposure (in other words, the agreements were not the right ones).  Eric Moon and Russell Diamond are working with IT, Credit and Risk to access deal specific information in a way that will let us link deal numbers to contract numbers.  Thereafter we can get the right agreements and finish the process.  I will update you later today on the status.  If you have any questions, please ask. Ed ~Ed
God Bless America. If anyone uses one of these moves please report back to me with your results.  I will attempt the Shanghai Shampoo on my date tonight.  HOW TO IMPRESS YOUR GIRLFRIEND These are techniques that have been sent to me by various Bunthaus heads. I want to again stress that in no way do we condone the techniques listed here or practice these. Except maybe the Turkey Shoot and the Rear Admiral. And definitely the Spicey Stanley. Here is a fairly extensive compilation of some of the extraordinary sexual activities that can be performed by men:  1. Tea bag - As you are sitting on a girl's face, repeatedly dip your scrotum in and out of her mouth, similar to a tea bag in a cup of hot water. An old favorite.  2. Hot Lunch - While receiving head from a woman, you shit on her chest. (a.k.a. the Cleveland Steamer) 3. The Stranger - Sitting on your hand until it falls asleep and then jerking off, eliciting the feeling of a hand job from someone else. 4. Donkey Punch - Banging a girl doggy style and then moments before you cum, sticking your dick in her ass, and then punching her in the back of the head. This gives a tremendous sensation, but for it to work correctly, the girl must be knocked out so that her asshole tightens up. 5. Golden Shower - Any form of peeing on a girl. (aka: watersports) 6. Pearl Necklace - Well known. Whenever you cum on the neck/cleavage area of a girl, it takes on the look of beautiful jewelry. 7. Coyote - This occurs when you wake up in the room of a nasty skank and you know you've got to give her the slip. However, you realize that your arm is wrapped around her. Therefore, you must gnaw off your own arm to get out of this situation. Can be very painful. 8. Purple Mushroom - This occurs when a woman is giving you oral sex and you withdraw your penis in order to poke it back into her cheek. It should leave a lasting impression similar to a purple mushroom. 9. The Flying Camel - A personal favorite. As she is lying on her back and you are hammering her from your knees, you carefully balance yourself without using your arms to prop yourself up. You then to flap your arms and let out a long, shrieking howl. Strictly a class move.  10. Double Fishhook - From the doggy-style position, you hook your pinky fingers in her mouth and pull back to achieve deeper penetration. 11. The Ram - Again, you're attacking from behind, when you start ramming her head against the wall in a rhythmic motion. The force of the wall should allow for deeper penetration. Very handy for those lulls in penile sensitivity. 12. Dog in a Bathtub - This is the proper name for when you attempt to insert your nuts into a girl's ass. It is so named because it can be just as hard as keeping a dog in the tub while giving it a bath. 13. The Bronco - Back to reality with this classic. You start by going doggy style and then just when she is really enjoying it, you grab onto her tits as tightly as possible and yell another girl's name. This gives you the feeling of riding a bronco as she tries to buck you off.  14. Pink Glove - This frequently happens during sex when a girl is not wet enough. When you pull out to give her the money, the inside of her twat sticks to your hog. Thus, the pink glove. 15. The Fountain of You - While sitting on her face and having her eat your ass, jerk off like a madman. Build up as much pressure as possible before releasing, spewing like a venerable geyser all over her face, neck and tits. (Better in her bed)  16. New York Style Taco - Anytime when you are so drunk that when you go down on her, you puke on her box. Happy trails! 17. Dirty Sanchez - While banging a girl doggy style, quickly stick 2 fingers deep into her starfish, then reach around and wipe the residue on her upper lip, providing her a mustache. 18. Western Grip - When jerking off, turn your hand around, so that your thumb is facing towards you. It is the same grip that rodeo folks use; hence, western.  19. The Blumpkin - You need to find a real tramp to do this right. It involves having her suck you off while you're on the shitter. 20. The Bismark - Another one involving oral sex. Right before you are about to spew, pull out and shoot all over her face. Follow that with a punch and smear the blood and jism together. 21. Jelly Doughnut - A derivation of the Bismark. All you have to do is punch her in the nose while you are getting head.  22. Woody Woodpecker - While a chick is sucking on your balls, repeatedly tap the head of your cock on her forehead. 23. Tossing salad - Well known by now. A prison act where one person is forced to chow starfish with the help of whatever condiments are available, i.e. Jello, jism, etc 24. The Fish Eye - Working from behind, you shove your finger in her pooper. Thereupon, she turns around in a one-eyed winking motion to see what the hell you are doing. 25. Tuna Melt - You're down on a chick, lapping away, and you discover that it's her time of the month. By no means do you stop though. When the whale spews, tartar sauce with a hint of raspberry smothers your face.  26. The Fur Ball - You're chomping away at some mighty Zena who has a mane between her legs the size of Lionel Richie's afro, when a mammoth fur ball gets lodged in your throat. You punch her.  27. The Chili Dog - You take a dump on the girl's chest and then titty fuck her. 28. Gaylord Perry - Going to only one knuckle during an anal probe is for wimps. Make this famous knuckle-ball pitcher proud and use multiple digits on that virgin corn hole. A minimum of 2 knuckles required (either on one finger or on multiple).  29. The Rear Admiral - An absolute blast. When getting a chick from behind (with both partners standing), make sure you don't let her grab onto anything when she is bent over. Then, drive your hips into her backside so that the momentum pushes her forward. The goal is to push her into a wall or table, or have her trip and fall on her face. You attain the status of Admiral when you can push her around the room without crashing into anything and not using your hands to grab onto her hips. 30. Glass Bottom Boat - Putting saran wrap over the skank's face and taking a dump. 31. Ray Bans - Put your nuts over her eye sockets while getting head. You're can is on her forehead. Yes, it may be anatomically impossible, but it is definitely worth a try.  32. The Snowmobile - When plugging a girl while she's on all fours, reach around and sweep out her arms so she falls on her face.  33. The Dutch Oven - Also well known. Whenever you fart while humping, pull the covers over her head. Don't let her out until all movement ceases.  34. Smoking Pole - Self Explanatory. Don't use fire. 35. Rusty Trombone - Getting the reacharound while getting your salad tossed. Also known as milking the prostate. 36. Turkey Shoot - When you're coming, come on her face and let it drip off her chin so it looks like that red shit on the turkey's chin. 37. Stovepiping - Taking it in the Tush. 38. Rusty Anchor - After a healthy term of the Stovepiping, the recipient gets to enjoy a good fudgesicle. 39. Sandpiper - A stovepiping on the local beach, desert, or playground sandbox. Also known as the Sandblast.  40. Lucky Pierre - the middle man in a three way buttfuck. Also known as the french sandwich. UPDATED!!!! NEW LISTINGS!!!! 41.Divortex- A mystical place into which old friends are sucked when a married couple splits up. 42.Blump- To suck someone's dick while they are taking a dump. 43.Bustard- A very rude bus driver. 44.Cold Faithful- Blowing your visibly-steaming load outside in the winter-time, like when you get your cock sucked on a ski-lift. 45.Grand pappy smash- To beat your meat so hardcore that it starts to chafe and bleed. 46.Esplanade- To attempt an explanation while drunk. 47.Flatulence- The emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller.  48.Butt Rodeo- When you're going at it with a girl, you flip her over real fast, start ramming her in the ass and yell as loud as possible "BUTT RODEO!" You then see how long you can ride her till she tosses ya off! 49.Bargoyle- The hideous old hair-spray hag who seems to live at your local watering hole. She usually smokes endlessly, spends hundreds of dollars a night on video-poker, and makes sexually threatening comments to frightened college freshmen. 50.Pasteurize- Once you get her hairy bush pasteurize, you got it licked! 51.Beerelevant- A point which does not seem to be particularly important, given enough beer 52.Mangry- Describing the anger of women who are angry at men, specifically. "She's such a bitch, she's just plain mangry." 53.Clitourist- A man who won't stop and ask for directions in bed. ie: "Because of his fouled foreplay, Suzy realized that her new boyfriend was no experienced bedroom traveler, but merely a clitourist."  54.Stuffucking- The act of "stuffing in" your limp, helpless member in hopes of getting it up. Potential causes: you're too drunk or she's too ugly. (see also; Fugly) 55.Antlers- Wide, flat, flapjack titties that come to a sharp point at the nipples. 56.The Kangmin - while a girl is reciting bad poetry, you take her from behind.  57.The Flaming Amazon- This one's for all you pyromaniacs out there. When you're screwing some chick, right when your about to cum, pull out and quickly grab the nearest lighter and set her pubes on fire, then extinguish the flames with your jizz! 58.The Screwnicorn -When a dyke puts her strap-on dildo on her forehead and proceeds to go at her partner like a crazed unicorn. 59.Split pissonality -When you're taking a leak and you get two streams out of the one hole!  60.A Short in the Cord- A "code" phrase used by the common man to refer to Testicular Tendon Tangle Syndrome. Ex. "Oh fuck! My nuts are killing me... I think I've got a short in the cord."  61.Old Jism Trail -The stream of semen oozing down the chin and chest of someone who has just finished fellating a senior citizen. 62.Abdicate -To give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach.  63.Lymph -To walk with a lisp.  64.Anal Boot- An anal boot is when you take a pitcher of beer, everyone spits in it, someone stirs it with their cock and then the mixture is poured through the crack of a man ass into the waiting mouth of the loser of a bet or drinking game.  65.Australian Death Grip- The act of grabbing a woman by the haunches/crotch and staring deeply into her eyes until you're slapped or kissed. A recommended tactic for very crowded bars. Another great opportunity for wagering among friends. 66.Fumilingus -When a man (or woman) performs cunnilingus on a woman and she farts directly in his/her face.  67.Intoxicourse- Having sexual intercourse whilst piss-drunk. 68.Valsalva -The act of pinching shut (with thumb and forefinger) a woman's nose while receiving fellatio; most effective when employed just prior to the release point due to the gag reflex and ensuing swallow that the woman is forced to do to continue breathing. A great first date ploy, as it sets the stage for what the rules of engagement will be going forward. 69.Insta-gasm -Pre-mature ejaculation at the sight of a beautiful woman. ie: "She was so fine, I had an insta-gasm before I could get her clothes off!" 70.Manual Deconstipation -This is where you get out the hand cream and go in manually for the hammerhead by breaking it into smaller chunks and pulling it out a piece at a time. 71.Post Poodum Syndrome -The feeling of depression felt after successful removal of a hammerhead. The excitement has passed, and you must now find something else to occupy your time. 72.The Homolic Maneuver -Using your penis to dislodge an object blocking a choking victim's windpipe.  73.Pegging - having a female take you in the rear with a strap on.  74. The UnderDog - after a hard session at the gym, your armpit muscle begins to twitch; thus giving you the ability to jerk a guy off with your armpit muscle.  75. The Twinkler - when you are 69ing a girl and you shove your dick into mouth hard, and you watch her a-hole "twinkle" as she gags.  76. Angry dragon - This involves the girl giving the guy head and as he is about to cum slapping the girl on the back of the head causing the cum to come out her nose. Great care should be used to not slap her mouth shut. 77. Tony Danza - a takeoff of the donkey punch is called the Tony Danza. When you are about to cum while doing a girl from behind, you say "who's the boss?" and stick it in her ass. Before she says anything you shout "TONY DANZA!" and punch her in the back of the head. 78. Alaskan firedragon - another good take off is one of the angry dragon that is called the alaskan firedragon. When a girl is giving you a blowjob, cum in her mouth unexpectedly and plug up her mouth at the same time. Then whisper in her ear "i have syphilis" so she spews it out her nose. 79. The Walrus - when she's giving u a blowjob and u cum in her mouth unexpectadly, cover up her mouth and punch her in the stomach.  80. The Fat Lip - If you get poison ivy and finger a girl, her labia lips will swell. A la, the fat lip. 81. Sleeping Bag - If you're going down on a really fat girl, you pull her enormous stomach roll of fat over your head. 82. Hummer Bird - when a girl is giving a guy a hummer, and he's enjoying it, she bites on his bird.  83. Bloody Mary - when a drunk guy is going down on a girl and without even realizing it after he's done, he realizes Mary was very Bloody 84. The Houdini - this maneuver is accomplished while going at it doggy style. As you feel you are about to cum, you pull out and spit on the small of her back (making her think you've finished...). It's at the point when she turns around when *BAM!* You bust your load in her face (in the eye if you've got proper aiming techniques down.) Also known as the Doug Hennings and the David Copperfield. 85. Upperdecking - This one takes practice. This maneuver requires a toilet with a tank above it, like the ones in most homes. Instead of crapping in the bowl, you shit in the tank (i.e. upperdecking). Now don't flush. When the following victim flushes, the rancid waste fills the bowl. If you play your cards right, it may ferment  86. Journey into darkness - This is the most disturbing of all. It entails shitting into another person's asshole. Not for beginners. 87. Rocky Balboa - dont shower for 2 weeks, then diarrhea down her throat at any point during sexual contact. 88. Rocky Balboa Title Punch - same as the Rocky Balboa, but in that non-showering 2 weeks all you eat is corn.  I don't usually do this, but I have to give credit to Sascha and Zach for the next 2. I'm only doing this because they are my bosses kids...  89. The McDonald's Quick Draw - Get your girlfriend to talk dirty into the intercom, making the order guy start to beat off. Then while pulling up to the window, have her give you falatio till you are about to blow your beefy chunk-load. Upon pulling up to the window, tell your girl friend to yell "Draw!". Then on "three", both you and the guy blow your loads either on her or eachother. 90. Uncle Jemima - the typical dirty chef at your local Denny's or other low-class food establishment who occasionally becomes disgruntled, and takes out his frustration on your meal, via "the ass wipe" or the "French Toast Strut" seen in Road Trip.  91. Airtight - this is where a girl has a cock in each of her three holes, hence, airtight. 92. The Throne of Lightning - This is done by fucking a girl while you shit in a toilet. When you're going to blow your load, turn her over and dunk her head in the toilet, while she's bobbing for your turd plummet a river of semen in her ass. Not to be confused with "Ride the Lightning," a Metallica album 93. Abe Lincoln - You're getting a girl up the ass and give her a swift donkey punch to the back of her head, knocking her unconscious. You then turn her around and jerk off and blow your load all over her face. Then you shave her beaver and take the clippings and spread it where you jizzed on her, making a beard that looks like good ol Honest Abe's.  94. Thanksgiving - Just like the holiday, Thanksgiving is when you do a girl and then she puts her two big butt cheeks on your face like holiday hams. An overcooked thanksgiving is similar to this but instead of just putting the cheeks on your head she farts on it too.  95. PEUM - An acronym coined by a group of drunk assholes that defines the annoying (and uncontrollable) tendency to piss in multiple directions after a raucous fuck: Post-Ejaculatory Urinary Misfire.  96. The Beverly Hills Whiffer -This move is restricted to those women who think they're God's gift to the world. Find a woman of the above description. Take her home and start doggie styling her. When you're about to blow, corkscrew two fingers into her ass, scraping as much shit as you can from her. Pull out your fingers, reach around her head to stick one finger in each nostril. Pull her head back so she can see you while you yell "So, you think your shit don't stink now ?!"  97. Shanghai Shampoo - Fuck a chick until you've built up a load large enough to paint a room. Blow it all in her hair, rub it in thoroughly. When it dries it will resemble the crunchy noodles often served with chop suey.  98 . Frosting the Cake - When you are about to cum, blow a load all over her chest. Then take your dick and evenly spread the Jism around the breasts and over the nipples. Then stick some candles on it and start singing "Happy Birthday." Then blow out the candles  99. Spicey Stanley - When a girl takes hot sauce and pours it on your cock. She then proceeds to give you a blowjob, making sure all of the hot sauce is gone.   Pete Mehok NaviStaff, Inc. Technical Recruiter 332 Springfield Ave Suite 210 Summit, NJ 07901 pm@navistaff.com p:908.273.6960 Ext. 104 f:908.273.6940 www.navistaff.com ~Pete MehokNaviStaff, Inc.Technical Recruiter332 Springfield Ave Suite 210Summit, NJ 07901pm@navistaff.comp:908.273.6960 Ext. 104f:908.273.6940www.navistaff.com
Leaf,  Lisa Gang wanted me to tell the night shift that tag # 25883 is not a good tag.  We tried to cancel it but for some reason WALC denied our cancel request.  Cara already spoke to Leon @ PAC regarding this issue.  The reason this tag is not a good tag is the tranny request was duplicated in another tag (25825) which is a good tag.  If you have any questions please call Cara on her cell phone.  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Barry,  Here are our financial products for EOL that we would like to appear on the screen on Monday, as requested by John Zufferli. Call me if you have any questions    Stephane x6721 ~Stephanex6721
Mary,   Attached is a letter providing notification of our cancellation as authorized market for the city of Pasadena.  Please let me know if you have any quesitons.  Thanks,  Kim Ward ~Kim Ward
I have completed the organizer... I have also sent to you today my information for filing purposes. Call and let me know what else you need.  Barry  ~Barry 
Enron employees not participating in contract parking are eligible to receive Metro Bus Passes or Woodlands Express Passes.  You may pick up a bus pass from the Parking & Transportation Desk, on Level 3 of the Enron Building, from 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM.    All Metro passes offered through the Enron Parking & Transportation desk will be the Metro 30 Day Zone Pass.  When you use a 30-day zone pass, bus service is divided into four zones w/ unlimited rides.  The zone pass is time activated, which means that it will not become active until the first time it is used and will not expire until 30 days after it was used for the first time.  New passes will be available to Enron employees upon expiration of the 30 day time period. Each zone does have a different fare values based on the distance the bus travels. This is important to any buser who wants to transfer to or travel in a higher-cost zone than the zone pass they have, in this case the difference must be paid in cash.  If they are traveling in a lower cost zone, then there is no extra cost.    Parking & Transportation Desk 3-7060 ~Parking & Transportation Desk3-7060
As some of you might already know, I resigned today.  I feel fortunate and blessed to have had this experience here at Enron.  Not only have I learned a tremendous amount, but I also have met some very talented and unique people.  I am not 100% sure what I will do at this point, but I will probably be heading up to NYC in January.  I feel sad to end this chapter, yet excited as I begin a new one in my life.    As always, it has been a pleasure working with you!  Keep in touch.  I will be interested to see what happens.  Carole C. Frank Enron Net Works  713.345.3960 work 713.446.9307 cell 713.467.3860 home carole_frank@excite.com ~Carole C. FrankEnron Net Works713.345.3960 work713.446.9307 cell713.467.3860 homecarole_frank@excite.com
Here is the list of gas and power products we would like to see on the screen.     Call me if you have any questions Stephane Brodeur (403) 974-6721 ~Stephane Brodeur(403) 974-6721
Group,  There are two new paths for EPE information.  The first is for EPE schedules: This path is P:/Trading/Real Time/El Paso Schedules/Admin/El Paso Schedules/2002/Feb02/EPE_FEB_02  The second is for the EPE models: M:/Electric/EPE/EPE 2002/Models/February02/...  The estate will be settling CAPS each day (creating DA and HA finals) beginning on Friday.   Please work closely with John and Dave to get all problems resolved as quickly as possible.  Thanks, Bill ~Bill
Les,  FYI, LV COGEN went off line @ 15:00.  We called SRP to inform them of the cut and Vanessa said she sees the schedule as unit contingent so she agreed to go to zero on the schedule.  Bert ~Bert
Greetings Steve:  We have had many inquiries regarding our transportation agreements, specifically PGT, Kern River and El Paso.    Most pressing is PGT's request to market capacity on our behalf. Although I do not believe we need to have PGT perform this function, I do believe we could mitigate some demand charge exposure for "the estate".    Are you available to meet with Barry and I first thing tomorrow morning? We need to have an answer for PGT's request. We need to know what the contractual rights are for 1) the pipeline when a shipper declares bankruptcy and 2) our ability to mitigate demand charge exposure by releasing capacity on a short term basis (month at a time?).  Better yet, can we unilaterally turn capacity back to any of these pipes or do we need to reach some type of court approved settlement?  Obviously, we have many questions. Please advise of your ability to meet ASAP.  Thanks,  Stephanie   ~Stephanie
Pls confirm that you have received your new WCom calling card.   Thank you.  Carolyn Graham Enron NetWorks LLC Vendor Management 713-345-8008 ~Carolyn GrahamEnron NetWorks LLCVendor Management713-345-8008
Tom:  Just wanted to drop you a line to let you know that I am again an employee of UBS.  As I am sure you are aware, we are in process of transition from Enron to UBS.  I recently filled out all the appropriate paperwork to complete the transition.  From what I understand we are going to be a part of the trading arm of UBS Warbug.  This should be very exciting.  Maybe one day I will have the opportunity to trade stocks, bonds, or some other financial product if power ever becomes old hat.    Furthermore, I have will soon receive a signing bonus and a raise, so I intend on funding my IRA and my wife's IRA for 2001 and maybe even 2002.  If it wouldn't be too much trouble, I would like to know what the contribution levels are for 2002.  I think I saw something that changed them and the income levels one can have for a Roth.  As for Molly, the advertising business seems to be picking up for 2002.  She opened enough new business in the fourth quarter of 2001 to meet her goals and is on her way to making it the first quarter as well.  I think she is really beginning to understand her business.  Anyway, I currently have lots of time to myself since we are not trading, so maybe we can have lunch sometime.  If that is not possible, no big deal, I know that you are extremely busy.  I hope all is well with you and your family.  Sincerely,  Bert ~Bert
Barry, attached is a copy of one of our latest fundamentals packages.  Dean~Dean
Ryan:  Please be aware that on the days of the 14, 15, and 16 of July.  I need to help my wife pack and unpack for our move to downtown Portland.  Any consideration you can arrange will be greatly appreciated.    Give me a call with any questions or concerns  Bert ~Bert
FYI -  All trades done on behalf of El Paso will now be directly billed by El Paso. This means three things for us:  1. Format of the model stays the same.  2. Deals do not go into Enpower. 3. "Counterparty" in the model must show the billing counterparty only (to simplify Kathy's settlement process).  *Per El Paso, please try to market their power through SRP, PNM, PAC, and LADWP only.* These are the counterparties El Paso has contacted regarding our new arrangement.   Please let me know if you have questions.  Thanks,  Kate ~Kate
Please find attached a draft agreement for the purchase of EPMI's position with Santa Clara.   Peter Meier~Peter Meier
I had a problem with CAPS again (profile error).  Last time you said that is was a problem with the mapping of the H: drive.  Login:  janders3  JohnAnderson Realtime ~JohnAndersonRealtime
I hope you had a Merry Christmas.  We are having a great time.  Lucci and I are working with Ed Mc Michael on selling of the storage today.  If you need me call me on my cellphone or email me.   Take care,   Mark~Mark
Dave, I don't know if you received this original message or not.... we will cancel today's meeting. If you need to reach me, call in...   Thanks. BT  ~BT 
This may be too early, but just in case....I will save the good-byes until they become absolutely necessary.  Could I have your outside e-mails and possibly your phone #'s?  If you feel uncomfortable giving these to me, that is o.k.  The following is my information.   Carole C. Frank carole_frank@excite.com 713.446.9307 cell 713-467-3860 home send from my phone ~Carole C. Frankcarole_frank@excite.com713.446.9307 cell713-467-3860 home
Andy, I have completed negotiation with TBG on the Settlement.  TBG has executed the documents and Louise and John have approved the deal.  In short, I want to make sure that you understand the effect on you.  Attached is a more detailed summary but generally I removed all swing flexibility from the deal.  They have baseload obligations of 12,500 MMBtu per day.  We can deliver at any of the delivery points identified in the Agreement ( I will give you a copy of the Agreements) however the primary delivery point is Station 65.  That is the location for all price settlements.  If we delivery at an alternate location we receive additional basis differentials for moving downstream ( Station 85 )  and we pay the basis differential for moving upstream ( Sta 45, 30 ). TBG has the right to move our deliveries back to Sta 65 at anytime, if we are delivering at alternate locations. I want to check with you one more time before I execute the final documents.  I think that this is a great trade for ENA if I do say so myself.  My next effort is to clear up any issues with Trigen.  Frank ~Frank
I checke our Historical Caps for these deals and i am certain that we bought from and sold to Reliant (NES1) for hour ending 11.  If this were not the case we would have failed phase 2 with the ISO.  I am searching my notes for the price and whom I spoke with at Reliant.  Regards,   Bert  ~Regards, Bert 
We have for the last couple of weeks started to compile the Re-start/Integration Plans for Netco.  So far, we have primarily focussed on the mid/back plans where the technology requirements have been the driving factors.  Several plans are in the final stages of completion including:-  + Infrastructure  Jenny Rub + Development  Jay Webb + EnronOnline  Webb / Forster + HR   David Oxley + Cash Management Tom Myers + Credit   Debbie Brackett  The rest will be completed shortly.  We now need to focus on the commercial plans which have a slightly different focus. John and I would like to receive the plans "Re-start/Integration"  plans by January 7th, 2002 in order to go through them individually with each of you or in groups.  The focus should be to ensure that we have as much of the business up and running in the shortest time possible.  I have a suggested outline which you do not have to use but I thought it might help.  Please decide within yourselves the areas you will cover together or individually.  Customer Side  + Customers  Phase  1 - First Week (eg top 10)     Phase  2 - First Month (eg top 50)     Phase  3 - First Quarter (eg top 100) + Action Plan  Phase  1 Customers     Phase  2 Customers     Phase  3 Customers + Contracts by customers (pre-prepared with credit terms etc) + Customer visit schedule  Product Side + List of Products Phase 1 - First Week     Phase 2 - First Month     Phase 3 - First Quarter  Target Number of Transactions + Phase 1 + Phase 2 + Phase 3  IT transfer   Louise~Louise
Barry,  Wuold you please send an email to Diana Willigerod (cc:'ed above) authorizing her to provide me with a secon screen for EOL.   Thanks,  Dave ~Dave
Bill:  For yet another day we seem to be having problems including all the schedules in our EPE schedule sheet.  Tag 52159 was not included (25mw schedule to LADWP).  I think part of the problem is some counterparties are not including EPMIWE as a PSE.  Fortunately, the dispatchers had the schedule and informed me of the problem.  I then called LADWP and WESCO to checkout with them.  If this did not happen we wouldn't have known what the deal was.  If you have any questions, please give me a call.  Bert ~Bert
Kathy:  Please find the enclosed epe model for 01/25/02:      Regards,  Bert Meyers ~Bert Meyers
Amy,  Please note that I would like to interview for the trader assistant positions for both the cash desk and the term desk.  Bert Meyers Portland WSCC Real Time Desk 503-880-5315 ~Bert MeyersPortland WSCC Real Time Desk503-880-5315
Barry, hope that you had a great Christmas.  Just wanted to touch base. I am continuing to handle some issues from home on KeySpan and some Florida contracts.  I am not scheduled back until Jan 3.  Let me know if I can do anything.  Frank -------------------------- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Hafrank vickers~Frank
Good Afternoon FSP users,  We have just finished a comprehensive FSP rebuild & testing phase for the next release of FSP.  The rebuild should address all the issues raised in the previous go-live as well as some additional capabilities for robustness.  Please note that we have already executed several hundred different test case scenarios & performed some stress testing using data before the Enron collapse.  What we need now is help from you to continue to identify enhancements and/or bugs with FSP so that we can go-live with FSP once the new company starts trading.  Susan Amador will be available to help in any testing.  You should probably also coordinate with her when you are about to start testing so that our continuing testing doesn't interfere with your testing.  PWRTESTN & PWRTESTP should be all setup for your use.  Here are some of the bug fixes & enhancements we have rolled-out with this latest release: 1.  Bid Curve - Ability to bid on zero volumes (for import, export, and wheels) 2.  Rebuild of all FSP application utilizing Direct Oracle Access components for faster database access & higher reliability. 3.  Bug Fixes on database commits to eliminate database "deadlocks". 4.  New aggregation scout to "stream-line" the template writing process & improve template writing performance. 5.  SQL tuned "Hour Ahead" template writing.  Confirmed performance of 1min 30 seconds on heavy transaction volume days. 6.  And many other small previously unidentified bugs.  We are very excited about this newest release and are looking forward to your feedback over the next couple of days.  Susan will probably be your best contact but please feel free to contact me at anytime.  Thanks,  TDavid Poston # 713-345-7834 ~TDavid Poston# 713-345-7834
Mark and Scott,  Attached is a letter that covers the inventory transfer.  If it's a go please revise as necessary sign and fax.  Thanks.  Jim Griffin Manager, Gas Transmission Marketing Montana Power Company 40 East Broadway Butte, MT  59701 Phone:  406-497-2806 Fax:      406-497-2054 Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> ~Jim GriffinManager, Gas Transmission MarketingMontana Power Company40 East BroadwayButte, MT  59701Phone:  406-497-2806Fax:      406-497-2054Email: jgriffin@mtpower.com <mailto:jgriffin@mtpower.com> 
The available interruptible transportation service (IT and  secondary FT) on Transco for pipeline day Monday, December 24, 2001 and continuing until further notice is summarized as follows:  Tier I and Tier II (only Sta. 90 through Sta. 180 affected)     0   MDt/day  South Virginia Lateral Compressor Station 167 144 MDt/day  Tier III (Station 180 through East)   0   MDt/day  Leidy at Centerville Regulator Station (Only deliveries downstream of Centerville regulator affected)     100 MDt/day  Linden Regulator Station (Located in Union County, New Jersey)  100 MDt/day  Mobile Bay Lateral        162 MDt/day  The above available interruptible transportation service  refers to deliveries into the affected area that have  receipts upstream of the bottleneck or affected area.  If you have any questions, please call John McGrath at (713)  215-2514 or Donna C. Long at (713) 215-4061.  J. E. McGrath Manager Operations Planning ~J. E. McGrathManagerOperations Planning
Davette,  We need to credit Barry Tycholiz (P # 564185) with 40 hrs extra vacation time.  His offer letter said that he would receive an additional 40 hrs vacation.  He has not yet been credited with the extra hrs.  He should be receiving a total of 160 hrs vacation.  Please let me know when this has been completed.  Thanks, Ben ~Ben
Mary,  Attached is a letter notifying Socal Gas that Enron Administrative Services is no longer the authorized marketer for Jefferson Smurfit Corp & Stone Container Corp.  Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks,  Kim Ward Manager, West Gas Origination ~Kim WardManager, West Gas Origination
Guys,  I have prepared the schedule for September already.  If there are any conflicts that you have please see me on an individual basis.    Thanks,  Bert ~Bert
input~output































































































